#USCL Players

player.ARamirez.handle=ARamirez-DAL
player.ARamirez.name=Alejandro Ramirez
player.ARamirez.rating=2645
player.ARamirez.team=DAL
player.ARamirez.titles=GM

player.AShen.handle=AShen-NJ
player.AShen.name=Arthur Shen
player.AShen.rating=2220
player.AShen.team=NJ

player.Abrahamyan.handle=Abrahamyan-LA
player.Abrahamyan.name=Tatev Abrahamyan
player.Abrahamyan.rating=2385
player.Abrahamyan.team=LA
player.Abrahamyan.titles=WFM

player.Adamson.handle=Adamson-ARZ
player.Adamson.name=Robby Adamson
player.Adamson.rating=2363
player.Adamson.team=ARZ
player.Adamson.titles=FM

player.Adelberg.handle=Adelberg-ARZ
player.Adelberg.name=David Adelberg
player.Adelberg.rating=2275
player.Adelberg.team=ARZ

player.AdithyaB.handle=AdithyaB-BAL
player.AdithyaB.name=Adithya Balasubramanian
player.AdithyaB.rating=2255
player.AdithyaB.team=BAL
player.AdithyaB.titles=NM

player.Agner.handle=Agner-CAR
player.Agner.name=Carlito Agner
player.Agner.rating=2251
player.Agner.team=CAR

player.Akobian.handle=Akobian-SEA
player.Akobian.name=Varuzhan Akobian
player.Akobian.rating=2698
player.Akobian.team=SEA
player.Akobian.titles=GM

player.Aldama.handle=Aldama-ARZ
player.Aldama.name=Dionisio Aldama
player.Aldama.rating=2399
player.Aldama.team=ARZ
player.Aldama.titles=IM

player.Altounian.handle=Altounian-ARZ
player.Altounian.name=Levon Altounian
player.Altounian.rating=2496
player.Altounian.team=ARZ
player.Altounian.titles=IM

player.Amanov.handle=Amanov-CHC
player.Amanov.name=Mesgen Amanov
player.Amanov.rating=2508
player.Amanov.team=CHC
player.Amanov.titles=GM

player.AndyLee.handle=AndyLee-SF
player.AndyLee.name=Andy Lee
player.AndyLee.rating=2347
player.AndyLee.team=SF
player.AndyLee.titles=FM

player.AngeloYoung.handle=AngeloYoung-CHC
player.AngeloYoung.name=Angelo Young
player.AngeloYoung.rating=2415
player.AngeloYoung.team=CHC
player.AngeloYoung.titles=IM

player.Anka.handle=Anka-SEA
player.Anka.name=Emil Anka
player.Anka.rating=2497
player.Anka.team=SEA
player.Anka.titles=GM

player.ArjunV.handle=ArjunV-CHC
player.ArjunV.name=Arjun Visnuvardhan
player.ArjunV.rating=2318
player.ArjunV.team=CHC
player.ArjunV.titles=IM

player.BFinegold.handle=BFinegold-STL
player.BFinegold.name=Ben Finegold
player.BFinegold.rating=2589
player.BFinegold.team=STL
player.BFinegold.titles=GM

player.Banawa.handle=Banawa-LA
player.Banawa.name=Joel Banawa
player.Banawa.rating=2416
player.Banawa.team=LA
player.Banawa.titles=FM

player.Bapat.handle=Bapat-CAR
player.Bapat.name=Udayan Bapat
player.Bapat.rating=2214
player.Bapat.team=CAR

player.Barcenilla.handle=Barcenilla-ARZ
player.Barcenilla.name=Rogelio Barcenilla
player.Barcenilla.rating=2583
player.Barcenilla.team=ARZ
player.Barcenilla.titles=IM

player.Bartell.handle=Bartell-PHI
player.Bartell.name=Tom Bartell
player.Bartell.rating=2429
player.Bartell.team=PHI
player.Bartell.titles=IM

player.Becerra.handle=Becerra-MIA
player.Becerra.name=Julio Becerra
player.Becerra.rating=2628
player.Becerra.team=MIA
player.Becerra.titles=GM

player.Bengtson.handle=Bengtson-PHI
player.Bengtson.name=Matthew Bengtson
player.Bengtson.rating=2232
player.Bengtson.team=PHI
player.Bengtson.titles=FM

player.Benjamin.handle=Benjamin-NJ
player.Benjamin.name=Joel Benjamin
player.Benjamin.rating=2614
player.Benjamin.team=NJ
player.Benjamin.titles=GM

player.Bercys.handle=Bercys-DAL
player.Bercys.name=Salvijus Bercys
player.Bercys.rating=2467
player.Bercys.team=DAL
player.Bercys.titles=IM

player.BlasLugo.handle=BlasLugo-MIA
player.BlasLugo.name=Blas Lugo
player.BlasLugo.rating=2384
player.BlasLugo.team=MIA
player.BlasLugo.titles=IM

player.Bonin.handle=Bonin-PHI
player.Bonin.name=Jay Bonin
player.Bonin.rating=2424
player.Bonin.team=PHI
player.Bonin.titles=IM

player.Bournival.handle=Bournival-NE
player.Bournival.name=Braden Bournival
player.Bournival.rating=2381
player.Bournival.team=NE
player.Bournival.titles=FM

player.Braylovsky.handle=Braylovsky-MAN
player.Braylovsky.name=Gregory Braylovsky
player.Braylovsky.rating=2434
player.Braylovsky.team=MAN

player.Brooks.handle=Brooks-STL
player.Brooks.name=Michael Brooks
player.Brooks.rating=2411
player.Brooks.team=STL
player.Brooks.titles=IM

player.BryanSmith.handle=BryanSmith-PHI
player.BryanSmith.name=Bryan Smith
player.BryanSmith.rating=2572
player.BryanSmith.team=PHI
player.BryanSmith.titles=IM

player.Byambaa.handle=Byambaa-SF
player.Byambaa.name=Uyanga Byambaa
player.Byambaa.rating=1772
player.Byambaa.team=SF

player.Casella.handle=Casella-LA
player.Casella.name=Michael Casella
player.Casella.rating=2329
player.Casella.team=LA
player.Casella.titles=FM

player.Charbonneau.handle=Charbonneau-NY
player.Charbonneau.name=Pascal Charbonneau
player.Charbonneau.rating=2566
player.Charbonneau.team=NY
player.Charbonneau.titles=GM

player.Chase.handle=Chase-NE
player.Chase.name=Christopher Chase
player.Chase.rating=2382
player.Chase.team=NE
player.Chase.titles=FM

player.Cherniack.handle=Cherniack-NE
player.Cherniack.name=Alex Cherniack
player.Cherniack.rating=2288
player.Cherniack.team=NE

player.Corke.handle=Corke-BOS
player.Corke.name=Anya Corke
player.Corke.rating=2322
player.Corke.team=BOS
player.Corke.titles=WGM

player.Cozianu.handle=Cozianu-SEA
player.Cozianu.name=Costin Cozianu
player.Cozianu.rating=2557
player.Cozianu.team=SEA

player.CraigJones.handle=CraigJones-CAR
player.CraigJones.name=Craig Jones
player.CraigJones.rating=2286
player.CraigJones.team=CAR

player.DSchneider.handle=DSchneider-MAN
player.DSchneider.name=Dmitry Schneider
player.DSchneider.rating=2520
player.DSchneider.team=MAN
player.DSchneider.titles=IM

player.Defibaugh.handle=Defibaugh-BAL
player.Defibaugh.name=Jared Defibaugh
player.Defibaugh.rating=2240
player.Defibaugh.team=BAL

player.Dehmelt.handle=Dehmelt-PHI
player.Dehmelt.name=Karl Dehmelt
player.Dehmelt.rating=2308
player.Dehmelt.team=PHI
player.Dehmelt.titles=FM

player.ERodriguez.handle=ERodriguez-MIA
player.ERodriguez.name=Eric Rodriguez
player.ERodriguez.rating=2382
player.ERodriguez.team=MIA

player.EWilson.handle=EWilson-PHI
player.EWilson.name=Elvin Wilson
player.EWilson.rating=2240
player.EWilson.team=PHI

player.Eckert.handle=Eckert-STL
player.Eckert.name=Doug Eckert
player.Eckert.rating=2238
player.Eckert.team=STL

player.Enkhbat.handle=Enkhbat-BAL
player.Enkhbat.name=Tegshsuren Enkhbat
player.Enkhbat.rating=2425
player.Enkhbat.team=BAL
player.Enkhbat.titles=IM

player.Erenburg.handle=Erenburg-BAL
player.Erenburg.name=Sergey Erenburg
player.Erenburg.rating=2646
player.Erenburg.team=BAL
player.Erenburg.titles=GM

player.Esserman.handle=Esserman-BOS
player.Esserman.name=Marc Esserman
player.Esserman.rating=2492
player.Esserman.team=BOS
player.Esserman.titles=IM

player.Fedorowicz.handle=Fedorowicz-NY
player.Fedorowicz.name=John Fedorowicz
player.Fedorowicz.rating=2508
player.Fedorowicz.team=NY
player.Fedorowicz.titles=GM

player.Felecan.handle=Felecan-CHC
player.Felecan.name=Florin Felecan
player.Felecan.rating=2415
player.Felecan.team=CHC
player.Felecan.titles=IM

player.Finn.handle=Finn-NJ
player.Finn.name=Sean Finn
player.Finn.rating=2123
player.Finn.team=NJ

player.Foisor.handle=Foisor-BAL
player.Foisor.name=Sabina Foisor
player.Foisor.rating=2367
player.Foisor.team=BAL
player.Foisor.titles=WGM

player.Friedel.handle=Friedel-SF
player.Friedel.name=Josh Friedel
player.Friedel.rating=2575
player.Friedel.team=SF
player.Friedel.titles=GM

player.Galofre.handle=Galofre-MIA
player.Galofre.name=Charles Galofre
player.Galofre.rating=2316
player.Galofre.team=MIA
player.Galofre.titles=FM

player.Getz.handle=Getz-NY
player.Getz.name=Alec Getz
player.Getz.rating=2377
player.Getz.team=NY
player.Getz.titles=FM

player.Gonzalez.handle=Gonzalez-MIA
player.Gonzalez.name=Renier Gonzalez
player.Gonzalez.rating=2540
player.Gonzalez.team=MIA
player.Gonzalez.titles=GM

player.Gulko.handle=Gulko-NJ
player.Gulko.name=Boris Gulko
player.Gulko.rating=2587
player.Gulko.team=NJ
player.Gulko.titles=GM

player.Guo.handle=Guo-SEA
player.Guo.name=Alex Guo
player.Guo.rating=2116
player.Guo.team=SEA

player.Gupta.handle=Gupta-LA
player.Gupta.name=Ankit Gupta
player.Gupta.rating=2290
player.Gupta.team=LA

player.Gurczak.handle=Gurczak-ARZ
player.Gurczak.name=John Gurczak
player.Gurczak.rating=2139
player.Gurczak.team=ARZ

player.Gurevich.handle=Gurevich-CHC
player.Gurevich.name=Dmitry Gurevich
player.Gurevich.rating=2481
player.Gurevich.team=CHC
player.Gurevich.titles=GM

player.Harper.handle=Harper-ARZ
player.Harper.name=Warren Harper
player.Harper.rating=2408
player.Harper.team=ARZ
player.Harper.titles=FM

player.Herbst.handle=Herbst-CAR
player.Herbst.name=Richard Herbst
player.Herbst.rating=2109
player.Herbst.team=CAR

player.Herman.handle=Herman-NY
player.Herman.name=Matt Herman
player.Herman.rating=2313
player.Herman.team=NY
player.Herman.titles=

player.Hua.handle=Hua-STL
player.Hua.name=Margaret Hua
player.Hua.rating=1770
player.Hua.team=STL

player.Hughes.handle=Hughes-DAL
player.Hughes.name=Tyler Hughes
player.Hughes.rating=2384
player.Hughes.team=DAL

player.Hungaski.handle=Hungaski-NE
player.Hungaski.name=Robert Hungaski
player.Hungaski.rating=2520
player.Hungaski.team=NE
player.Hungaski.titles=IM

player.Ippolito.handle=Ippolito-NJ
player.Ippolito.name=Dean Ippolito
player.Ippolito.rating=2526
player.Ippolito.team=NJ
player.Ippolito.titles=IM

player.IrinaKrush.handle=IrinaKrush-NY
player.IrinaKrush.name=Irina Krush
player.IrinaKrush.rating=2528
player.IrinaKrush.team=NY
player.IrinaKrush.titles=IM

player.JShahade.handle=JShahade-PHI
player.JShahade.name=Jennifer Shahade
player.JShahade.rating=2301
player.JShahade.team=PHI
player.JShahade.titles=WGM

player.JamesBlack.handle=JamesBlack-MAN
player.JamesBlack.name=James Black
player.JamesBlack.rating=2102
player.JamesBlack.team=MAN

player.Kacheishvili.handle=Kacheishvili-NY
player.Kacheishvili.name=Giorgi Kacheishvili
player.Kacheishvili.rating=2619
player.Kacheishvili.team=NY
player.Kacheishvili.titles=GM

player.Kapengut.handle=Kapengut-NJ
player.Kapengut.name=Albert Kapengut
player.Kapengut.rating=2372
player.Kapengut.team=NJ
player.Kapengut.titles=IM

player.Kaplan.handle=Kaplan-BAL
player.Kaplan.name=Sasha Kaplan
player.Kaplan.rating=2482
player.Kaplan.team=BAL
player.Kaplan.titles=IM

player.Katz.handle=Katz-MAN

player.Katz.handle=Katz-NY
player.Katz.name=Alexander Katz
player.Katz.name=Benjamin Katz
player.Katz.rating=2129
player.Katz.rating=2175
player.Katz.team=MAN
player.Katz.team=NY

player.Kavutskiy.handle=Kavutskiy-LA
player.Kavutskiy.name=Konstantin Kavutskiy
player.Kavutskiy.rating=2253
player.Kavutskiy.team=LA

player.Khachiyan.handle=Khachiyan-LA
player.Khachiyan.name=Melikset Khachiyan
player.Khachiyan.rating=2590
player.Khachiyan.team=LA
player.Khachiyan.titles=GM

player.Kiewra.handle=Kiewra-DAL
player.Kiewra.name=Keaton Kiewra
player.Kiewra.rating=2361
player.Kiewra.team=DAL
player.Kiewra.titles=FM

player.Klein.handle=Klein-CAR
player.Klein.name=Mike Klein
player.Klein.rating=2304
player.Klein.team=CAR
player.Klein.titles=FM

player.Kraai.handle=Kraai-SF
player.Kraai.name=Jesse Kraai
player.Kraai.rating=2551
player.Kraai.team=SF
player.Kraai.titles=GM

player.Krasik.handle=Krasik-BOS
player.Krasik.name=Ilya Krasik
player.Krasik.rating=2253
player.Krasik.team=BOS

player.Kretchetov.handle=Kretchetov-LA
player.Kretchetov.name=Alexandre Kretchetov
player.Kretchetov.rating=2376
player.Kretchetov.team=LA
player.Kretchetov.titles=FM

player.LKaufman.handle=LKaufman-BAL
player.LKaufman.name=Larry Kaufman
player.LKaufman.rating=2452
player.LKaufman.team=BAL
player.LKaufman.titles=GM

player.LarryC.handle=LarryC-BOS
player.LarryC.name=Larry Christiansen
player.LarryC.rating=2665
player.LarryC.team=BOS
player.LarryC.titles=GM

player.Lawton.handle=Lawton-STL
player.Lawton.name=Charles Lawton
player.Lawton.rating=2327
player.Lawton.team=STL

player.Lenderman.handle=Lenderman-NY
player.Lenderman.name=Alex Lenderman
player.Lenderman.rating=2608
player.Lenderman.team=NY
player.Lenderman.titles=GM

player.Liou.handle=Liou-SF
player.Liou.name=Yian Liou
player.Liou.rating=2254
player.Liou.team=SF

player.Ludwig.handle=Ludwig-DAL
player.Ludwig.name=Daniel Ludwig
player.Ludwig.rating=2521
player.Ludwig.team=DAL
player.Ludwig.titles=IM

player.MMartinez.handle=MMartinez-MIA
player.MMartinez.name=Marcel Martinez
player.MMartinez.rating=2475
player.MMartinez.team=MIA
player.MMartinez.titles=FM

player.Mabe.handle=Mabe-CAR
player.Mabe.name=Chris Mabe
player.Mabe.rating=2244
player.Mabe.team=CAR

player.MageshP.handle=MageshP-PHI
player.MageshP.name=Magesh Panchanathan
player.MageshP.rating=2535
player.MageshP.team=PHI
player.MageshP.titles=GM

player.Magness.handle=Magness-CHC
player.Magness.name=Trevor Magness
player.Magness.rating=2195
player.Magness.team=CHC

player.Markzon.handle=Markzon-NJ
player.Markzon.name=Gregory Markzon
player.Markzon.rating=2289
player.Markzon.team=NJ
player.Markzon.titles=FM

player.Martirosov.handle=Martirosov-BOS
player.Martirosov.name=Vadim Martirosov
player.Martirosov.rating=2248
player.Martirosov.team=BOS

player.Mateer.handle=Mateer-ARZ
player.Mateer.name=Amanda Mateer
player.Mateer.rating=2135
player.Mateer.team=ARZ

player.Matikozyan.handle=Matikozyan-LA
player.Matikozyan.name=Andranik Matikozyan
player.Matikozyan.rating=2545
player.Matikozyan.team=LA
player.Matikozyan.titles=IM

player.Matlin.handle=Matlin-NJ
player.Matlin.name=Anna Matlin
player.Matlin.rating=2078
player.Matlin.team=NJ

player.MichaelLee.handle=MichaelLee-SEA
player.MichaelLee.name=Michael Lee
player.MichaelLee.rating=2440
player.MichaelLee.team=SEA
player.MichaelLee.titles=FM

player.Mikhailuk.handle=Mikhailuk-SEA
player.Mikhailuk.name=Slava Mikhailuk
player.Mikhailuk.rating=2431
player.Mikhailuk.team=SEA
player.Mikhailuk.titles=FM

player.Milat.handle=Milat-SEA
player.Milat.name=Marcel Milat
player.Milat.rating=2353
player.Milat.team=SEA
player.Milat.titles=FM

player.Milman.handle=Milman-MAN
player.Milman.name=Lev Milman
player.Milman.rating=2501
player.Milman.team=MAN
player.Milman.titles=IM

player.Milovanovic.handle=Milovanovic-DAL
player.Milovanovic.name=Rade Milovanovic
player.Milovanovic.rating=2444
player.Milovanovic.team=DAL
player.Milovanovic.titles=IM

player.Molner.handle=Molner-NJ
player.Molner.name=Mackenzie Molner
player.Molner.rating=2548
player.Molner.team=NJ
player.Molner.titles=IM

player.Mshahade.handle=Mshahade-PHI
player.Mshahade.name=Michael Shahade
player.Mshahade.rating=2231
player.Mshahade.team=PHI
player.Mshahade.titles=FM

player.NLopez.handle=NLopez-DAL
player.NLopez.name=Nelson Lopez
player.NLopez.rating=2229
player.NLopez.team=DAL
player.NLopez.titles=

player.Nakamura.handle=Nakamura-STL
player.Nakamura.name=Hikaru Nakamura
player.Nakamura.rating=2806
player.Nakamura.team=STL
player.Nakamura.titles=GM

player.Naroditsky.handle=Naroditsky-SF
player.Naroditsky.name=Daniel Naroditsky
player.Naroditsky.rating=2453
player.Naroditsky.team=SF
player.Naroditsky.titles=FM

player.Ostrovskiy.handle=Ostrovskiy-NY
player.Ostrovskiy.name=Aleksandr Ostrovskiy
player.Ostrovskiy.rating=2289
player.Ostrovskiy.team=NY

player.Perelshteyn.handle=Perelshteyn-BOS
player.Perelshteyn.name=Eugene Perelshteyn
player.Perelshteyn.rating=2568
player.Perelshteyn.team=BOS
player.Perelshteyn.titles=GM

player.Perez.handle=Perez-MIA
player.Perez.name=Robert Perez
player.Perez.rating=2175
player.Perez.team=MIA

player.Pruess.handle=Pruess-SF
player.Pruess.name=David Pruess
player.Pruess.rating=2411
player.Pruess.team=SF
player.Pruess.titles=IM

player.RCostigan.handle=RCostigan-PHI
player.RCostigan.name=Richard Costigan
player.RCostigan.rating=2288
player.RCostigan.team=PHI
player.RCostigan.titles=IM

player.RKaufman.handle=RKaufman-BAL
player.RKaufman.name=Ray Kaufman
player.RKaufman.rating=2433
player.RKaufman.team=BAL
player.RKaufman.titles=IM

player.Rabin.handle=Rabin-BOS
player.Rabin.name=Evan Rabin
player.Rabin.rating=2227
player.Rabin.team=BOS

player.Rensch.handle=Rensch-ARZ
player.Rensch.name=Daniel Rensch
player.Rensch.rating=2471
player.Rensch.team=ARZ
player.Rensch.titles=IM

player.Rich.handle=Rich-STL
player.Rich.name=Tony Rich
player.Rich.rating=1934
player.Rich.team=STL

player.Riordan.handle=Riordan-NE
player.Riordan.name=Charles Riordan
player.Riordan.rating=2397
player.Riordan.team=NE
player.Riordan.titles=FM

player.Roberts.handle=Roberts-DAL
player.Roberts.name=Gerald Roberts
player.Roberts.rating=1891
player.Roberts.team=DAL

player.Rohonyan.handle=Rohonyan-SEA
player.Rohonyan.name=Katerina Rohonyan
player.Rohonyan.rating=2327
player.Rohonyan.team=SEA
player.Rohonyan.titles=WGM

player.Rosen.handle=Rosen-CHC
player.Rosen.name=Eric Rosen
player.Rosen.rating=2227
player.Rosen.team=CHC

player.Rosenthal.handle=Rosenthal-MIA
player.Rosenthal.name=Nicholas Rosenthal
player.Rosenthal.rating=2047
player.Rosenthal.team=MIA

player.SFinegold.handle=SFinegold-STL
player.SFinegold.name=Spencer Finegold
player.SFinegold.rating=1974
player.SFinegold.team=STL

player.Sadorra.handle=Sadorra-DAL
player.Sadorra.name=Julio Sadorra
player.Sadorra.rating=2471
player.Sadorra.team=DAL
player.Sadorra.titles=IM

player.Sammour.handle=Sammour-BOS
player.Sammour.name=Jorge Sammour-Hasbun
player.Sammour.rating=2603
player.Sammour.team=BOS
player.Sammour.titles=GM

player.Santalla.handle=Santalla-MIA
player.Santalla.name=Andres Santalla
player.Santalla.rating=2163
player.Santalla.team=MIA
player.Santalla.titles=NM

player.Schoch.handle=Schoch-BAL
player.Schoch.name=Ian Schoch
player.Schoch.rating=2245
player.Schoch.team=BAL

player.Schroer.handle=Schroer-CAR
player.Schroer.name=Jonathan Schroer
player.Schroer.rating=2437
player.Schroer.team=CAR
player.Schroer.titles=IM

player.Selzler.handle=Selzler-BAL
player.Selzler.name=Ricky Selzler
player.Selzler.rating=2252
player.Selzler.team=BAL

player.Serper.handle=Serper-SEA
player.Serper.name=Gregory Serper
player.Serper.rating=2592
player.Serper.team=SEA
player.Serper.titles=GM

player.Shankar.handle=Shankar-CHC
player.Shankar.name=Gauri Shankar
player.Shankar.rating=2304
player.Shankar.team=CHC
player.Shankar.titles=FM

player.Shankland.handle=Shankland-NE
player.Shankland.name=Sam Shankland
player.Shankland.rating=2567
player.Shankland.team=NE
player.Shankland.titles=IM

player.Shmelov.handle=Shmelov-BOS
player.Shmelov.name=Denys Shmelov
player.Shmelov.rating=2471
player.Shmelov.team=BOS
player.Shmelov.titles=

player.Shulman.handle=Shulman-STL
player.Shulman.name=Yury Shulman
player.Shulman.rating=2715
player.Shulman.team=STL
player.Shulman.titles=GM

player.Simpson.handle=Simpson-CAR
player.Simpson.name=Ron Simpson
player.Simpson.rating=2330
player.Simpson.team=CAR
player.Simpson.titles=FM

player.Sinanan.handle=Sinanan-SEA
player.Sinanan.name=Joshua Sinanan
player.Sinanan.rating=2267
player.Sinanan.team=SEA

player.Sivakumar.handle=Sivakumar-PHI
player.Sivakumar.name=Kavinayan Sivakumar
player.Sivakumar.rating=2108
player.Sivakumar.team=PHI

player.Smith.handle=Smith-MAN
player.Smith.name=Shaun Smith
player.Smith.rating=2008
player.Smith.team=MAN

player.Stripunsky.handle=Stripunsky-MAN
player.Stripunsky.name=Alex Stripunsky
player.Stripunsky.rating=2659
player.Stripunsky.team=MAN
player.Stripunsky.titles=GM

player.Tanaka.handle=Tanaka-LA
player.Tanaka.name=Christian Tanaka
player.Tanaka.rating=2227
player.Tanaka.team=LA

player.Theil.handle=Theil-NE
player.Theil.name=Carey Theil
player.Theil.rating=2251
player.Theil.team=NE

player.Thompson.handle=Thompson-ARZ
player.Thompson.name=Nick Thompson
player.Thompson.rating=2183
player.Thompson.team=ARZ

player.Timmel.handle=Timmel-CAR
player.Timmel.name=John Timmel
player.Timmel.rating=2103
player.Timmel.team=CAR

player.Tsai.handle=Tsai-CHC
player.Tsai.name=Cindy Tsai
player.Tsai.rating=2171
player.Tsai.team=CHC
player.Tsai.titles=WIM

player.VShen.handle=VShen-NJ
player.VShen.name=Victor Shen
player.VShen.rating=2339
player.VShen.team=NJ
player.VShen.titles=FM

player.Vicary.handle=Vicary-MAN
player.Vicary.name=Elizabeth Vicary
player.Vicary.rating=2081
player.Vicary.team=MAN
player.Vicary.titles=WFM

player.Vigorito.handle=Vigorito-NE
player.Vigorito.name=David Vigorito
player.Vigorito.rating=2524
player.Vigorito.team=NE
player.Vigorito.titles=IM

player.Vinuthna.handle=Vinuthna-CHC
player.Vinuthna.name=Nalluri Vinuthna
player.Vinuthna.rating=2293
player.Vinuthna.team=CHC
player.Vinuthna.titles=WIM

player.Voelker.handle=Voelker-STL
player.Voelker.name=Jim Voelker
player.Voelker.rating=2141
player.Voelker.team=STL
player.Voelker.titles=NM

player.Vovsha.handle=Vovsha-MAN
player.Vovsha.name=Eli Vovsha
player.Vovsha.rating=2539
player.Vovsha.team=MAN
player.Vovsha.titles=IM

player.Wang.handle=Wang-DAL

player.Wang.handle=Wang-SEA
player.Wang.name=Michael wang
player.Wang.name=Puchen Wang
player.Wang.rating=2103
player.Wang.rating=2533
player.Wang.team=DAL
player.Wang.team=SEA
player.Wang.titles=IM

player.Williams.handle=Williams-NY
player.Williams.name=Justus Williams
player.Williams.rating=2167
player.Williams.team=NY

player.Wolff.handle=Wolff-SF
player.Wolff.name=Patrick Wolff
player.Wolff.rating=2623
player.Wolff.team=SF
player.Wolff.titles=GM

player.Xu.handle=Xu-BOS
player.Xu.name=Grant Xu
player.Xu.rating=2061
player.Xu.team=BOS

player.Yanayt.handle=Yanayt-LA
player.Yanayt.name=Eugene Yanayt
player.Yanayt.rating=2240
player.Yanayt.team=LA

player.Zaremba.handle=Zaremba-MAN
player.Zaremba.name=Andrei Zaremba
player.Zaremba.rating=2361
player.Zaremba.team=MAN
player.Zaremba.titles=FM

player.Zierk.handle=Zierk-SF
player.Zierk.name=Steven Zierk
player.Zierk.rating=2426
player.Zierk.team=SF
player.Zierk.titles=FM

player.Zilberstein.handle=Zilberstein-SF
player.Zilberstein.name=Dmitry Zilberstein
player.Zilberstein.rating=2429
player.Zilberstein.team=SF
player.Zilberstein.titles=IM

player.Zimmer.handle=Zimmer-BAL
player.Zimmer.name=Ralph Zimmer
player.Zimmer.rating=2279
player.Zimmer.team=BAL
player.Zimmer.titles=FM

player.Zorigt.handle=Zorigt-DAL
player.Zorigt.name=Bayaraa Zorigt
player.Zorigt.rating=2240
player.Zorigt.team=DAL
player.Zorigt.titles=WFM

player.vandeMortel.handle=vandeMortel-NE
player.vandeMortel.name=Jan van de Mortel
player.vandeMortel.rating=2462
player.vandeMortel.team=NE
player.vandeMortel.titles=IM

player.DuckStorm.handle=DuckStorm
player.DuckStorm.name=Doug Bateman
player.DuckStorm.rating=12
player.DuckStorm.team=ICC
player.DuckStorm.titles=*

player.MrBob.handle=MrBob
player.MrBob.name=Bob X
player.MrBob.rating=3500
player.MrBob.team=ICC
player.MrBob.titles=*
