#USCL Players

player.Abrahamyan-LA.handle=Abrahamyan-LA
player.Abrahamyan-LA.name=Tatev Abrahamyan
player.Abrahamyan-LA.rating=2385
player.Abrahamyan-LA.team=LA
player.Abrahamyan-LA.titles=(WFM)
player.Abrahamyan-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/TatevAbrahamyan.html

player.Adamson-ARZ.handle=Adamson-ARZ
player.Adamson-ARZ.name=Robby Adamson
player.Adamson-ARZ.rating=2363
player.Adamson-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Adamson-ARZ.titles=(FM)
player.Adamson-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RobbyAdamson.html

player.Adelberg-ARZ.handle=Adelberg-ARZ
player.Adelberg-ARZ.name=David Adelberg
player.Adelberg-ARZ.rating=2275
player.Adelberg-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Adelberg-ARZ.titles=(NM)
player.Adelberg-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DavidAdelberg.html

player.AdithyaB-BAL.handle=AdithyaB-BAL
player.AdithyaB-BAL.name=Adithya Balasubramanian
player.AdithyaB-BAL.rating=2255
player.AdithyaB-BAL.team=BAL
player.AdithyaB-BAL.titles=(NM)
player.AdithyaB-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AdithyaBalasubramanian.html

player.Agner-CAR.handle=Agner-CAR
player.Agner-CAR.name=Carlito Agner
player.Agner-CAR.rating=2251
player.Agner-CAR.team=CAR
player.Agner-CAR.titles=(NM)
player.Agner-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CarlitoAgner.html

player.Akobian-SEA.handle=Akobian-SEA
player.Akobian-SEA.name=Varuzhan Akobian
player.Akobian-SEA.rating=2698
player.Akobian-SEA.team=SEA
player.Akobian-SEA.titles=(GM)
player.Akobian-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/VaruzhanAkobian.html

player.Aldama-ARZ.handle=Aldama-ARZ
player.Aldama-ARZ.name=Dionisio Aldama
player.Aldama-ARZ.rating=2399
player.Aldama-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Aldama-ARZ.titles=(IM)
player.Aldama-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DionisioAldama.html

player.Altounian-ARZ.handle=Altounian-ARZ
player.Altounian-ARZ.name=Levon Altounian
player.Altounian-ARZ.rating=2496
player.Altounian-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Altounian-ARZ.titles=(IM)
player.Altounian-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/LevonAltounian.html

player.Amanov-CHC.handle=Amanov-CHC
player.Amanov-CHC.name=Mesgen Amanov
player.Amanov-CHC.rating=2508
player.Amanov-CHC.team=CHC
player.Amanov-CHC.titles=(GM)
player.Amanov-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MesgenAmanov.html

player.AndyLee-SF.handle=AndyLee-SF
player.AndyLee-SF.name=Andy Lee
player.AndyLee-SF.rating=2347
player.AndyLee-SF.team=SF
player.AndyLee-SF.titles=(FM)
player.AndyLee-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AndyLee.html

player.AngeloYoung-CHC.handle=AngeloYoung-CHC
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.name=Angelo Young
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.rating=2415
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.team=CHC
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.titles=(IM)
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AngeloYoung.html

player.Anka-SEA.handle=Anka-SEA
player.Anka-SEA.name=Emil Anka
player.Anka-SEA.rating=2497
player.Anka-SEA.team=SEA
player.Anka-SEA.titles=(GM)
player.Anka-SEA.website=Unavailable

player.ARamirez-DAL.handle=ARamirez-DAL
player.ARamirez-DAL.name=Alejandro Ramirez
player.ARamirez-DAL.rating=2645
player.ARamirez-DAL.team=DAL
player.ARamirez-DAL.titles=(GM)
player.ARamirez-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlejandroRamirez.html

player.ArjunV-CHC.handle=ArjunV-CHC
player.ArjunV-CHC.name=Arjun Visnuvardhan
player.ArjunV-CHC.rating=2318
player.ArjunV-CHC.team=CHC
player.ArjunV-CHC.titles=(IM)
player.ArjunV-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ArjunVisnuvardhan.html

player.AShen-NJ.handle=AShen-NJ
player.AShen-NJ.name=Arthur Shen
player.AShen-NJ.rating=2220
player.AShen-NJ.team=NJ
player.AShen-NJ.titles=(FM)
player.AShen-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ArthurShen.html

player.Banawa-LA.handle=Banawa-LA
player.Banawa-LA.name=Joel Banawa
player.Banawa-LA.rating=2416
player.Banawa-LA.team=LA
player.Banawa-LA.titles=(FM)
player.Banawa-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JoelBanawa.html

player.Bapat-CAR.handle=Bapat-CAR
player.Bapat-CAR.name=Udayan Bapat
player.Bapat-CAR.rating=2214
player.Bapat-CAR.team=CAR
player.Bapat-CAR.titles=(NM)
player.Bapat-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/UdayanBapat.html

player.Barcenilla-ARZ.handle=Barcenilla-ARZ
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.name=Rogelio Barcenilla
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.rating=2583
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.titles=(IM)
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RogelioBarcenilla.html

player.Bartell-PHI.handle=Bartell-PHI
player.Bartell-PHI.name=Tom Bartell
player.Bartell-PHI.rating=2429
player.Bartell-PHI.team=PHI
player.Bartell-PHI.titles=(FM)
player.Bartell-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ThomasBartell.html

player.Becerra-MIA.handle=Becerra-MIA
player.Becerra-MIA.name=Julio Becerra
player.Becerra-MIA.rating=2628
player.Becerra-MIA.team=MIA
player.Becerra-MIA.titles=(GM)
player.Becerra-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JulioBecerra.html

player.Bengtson-PHI.handle=Bengtson-PHI
player.Bengtson-PHI.name=Matthew Bengtson
player.Bengtson-PHI.rating=2232
player.Bengtson-PHI.team=PHI
player.Bengtson-PHI.titles=(FM)
player.Bengtson-PHI.website=Unavailable

player.Benjamin-NJ.handle=Benjamin-NJ
player.Benjamin-NJ.name=Joel Benjamin
player.Benjamin-NJ.rating=2614
player.Benjamin-NJ.team=NJ
player.Benjamin-NJ.titles=(GM)
player.Benjamin-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JoelBenjamin.html

player.Bercys-DAL.handle=Bercys-DAL
player.Bercys-DAL.name=Salvijus Bercys
player.Bercys-DAL.rating=2467
player.Bercys-DAL.team=DAL
player.Bercys-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.Bercys-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SalvijusBercys.html

player.BFinegold-STL.handle=BFinegold-STL
player.BFinegold-STL.name=Ben Finegold
player.BFinegold-STL.rating=2589
player.BFinegold-STL.team=STL
player.BFinegold-STL.titles=(GM)
player.BFinegold-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BenFinegold.html

player.BKatz-MAN.handle=BKatz-MAN
player.BKatz-MAN.name=Benjamin Katz
player.BKatz-MAN.rating=2129
player.BKatz-MAN.team=MAN
player.BKatz-MAN.titles=
player.BKatz-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BenjaminKatz.html

player.BlasLugo-MIA.handle=BlasLugo-MIA
player.BlasLugo-MIA.name=Blas Lugo
player.BlasLugo-MIA.rating=2384
player.BlasLugo-MIA.team=MIA
player.BlasLugo-MIA.titles=(IM)
player.BlasLugo-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BlasLugo.html

player.Bonin-PHI.handle=Bonin-PHI
player.Bonin-PHI.name=Jay Bonin
player.Bonin-PHI.rating=2424
player.Bonin-PHI.team=PHI
player.Bonin-PHI.titles=(IM)
player.Bonin-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JayBonin.html

player.Bournival-NE.handle=Bournival-NE
player.Bournival-NE.name=Braden Bournival
player.Bournival-NE.rating=2381
player.Bournival-NE.team=NE
player.Bournival-NE.titles=(FM)
player.Bournival-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BradenBournival.html

player.Braylovsky-MAN.handle=Braylovsky-MAN
player.Braylovsky-MAN.name=Gregory Braylovsky
player.Braylovsky-MAN.rating=2434
player.Braylovsky-MAN.team=MAN
player.Braylovsky-MAN.titles=(SM)
player.Braylovsky-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GregoryBraylovsky.html

player.Brooks-STL.handle=Brooks-STL
player.Brooks-STL.name=Michael Brooks
player.Brooks-STL.rating=2411
player.Brooks-STL.team=STL
player.Brooks-STL.titles=(IM)
player.Brooks-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MichaelBrooks.html

player.BryanSmith-PHI.handle=BryanSmith-PHI
player.BryanSmith-PHI.name=Bryan Smith
player.BryanSmith-PHI.rating=2572
player.BryanSmith-PHI.team=PHI
player.BryanSmith-PHI.titles=(IM)
player.BryanSmith-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BryanSmith.html

player.Byambaa-SF.handle=Byambaa-SF
player.Byambaa-SF.name=Uyanga Byambaa
player.Byambaa-SF.rating=1772
player.Byambaa-SF.team=SF
player.Byambaa-SF.titles=
player.Byambaa-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/UyangaByambaa.html

player.Casella-LA.handle=Casella-LA
player.Casella-LA.name=Michael Casella
player.Casella-LA.rating=2329
player.Casella-LA.team=LA
player.Casella-LA.titles=(FM)
player.Casella-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MichaelCasella.html

player.Charbonneau-NY.handle=Charbonneau-NY
player.Charbonneau-NY.name=Pascal Charbonneau
player.Charbonneau-NY.rating=2566
player.Charbonneau-NY.team=NY
player.Charbonneau-NY.titles=(GM)
player.Charbonneau-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/PascalCharbonneau.html

player.Chase-NE.handle=Chase-NE
player.Chase-NE.name=Christopher Chase
player.Chase-NE.rating=2382
player.Chase-NE.team=NE
player.Chase-NE.titles=(FM)
player.Chase-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ChristopherChase.html

player.Cherniack-NE.handle=Cherniack-NE
player.Cherniack-NE.name=Alex Cherniack
player.Cherniack-NE.rating=2288
player.Cherniack-NE.team=NE
player.Cherniack-NE.titles=(NM)
player.Cherniack-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexCherniack.html

player.Corke-BOS.handle=Corke-BOS
player.Corke-BOS.name=Anya Corke
player.Corke-BOS.rating=2322
player.Corke-BOS.team=BOS
player.Corke-BOS.titles=(WGM)
player.Corke-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AnyaCorke.html

player.Cozianu-SEA.handle=Cozianu-SEA
player.Cozianu-SEA.name=Costin Cozianu
player.Cozianu-SEA.rating=2557
player.Cozianu-SEA.team=SEA
player.Cozianu-SEA.titles=(FM)
player.Cozianu-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CostinCozianu.html

player.CraigJones-CAR.handle=CraigJones-CAR
player.CraigJones-CAR.name=Craig Jones
player.CraigJones-CAR.rating=2286
player.CraigJones-CAR.team=CAR
player.CraigJones-CAR.titles=(NM)
player.CraigJones-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CraigJones.html

player.Defibaugh-BAL.handle=Defibaugh-BAL
player.Defibaugh-BAL.name=Jared Defibaugh
player.Defibaugh-BAL.rating=2240
player.Defibaugh-BAL.team=BAL
player.Defibaugh-BAL.titles=
player.Defibaugh-BAL.website=Unavailable

player.Dehmelt-PHI.handle=Dehmelt-PHI
player.Dehmelt-PHI.name=Karl Dehmelt
player.Dehmelt-PHI.rating=2308
player.Dehmelt-PHI.team=PHI
player.Dehmelt-PHI.titles=(FM)
player.Dehmelt-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/KarlDehmelt.html

player.DFernandez-DAL.handle=DFernandez-DAL
player.DFernandez-DAL.name=Daniel Fernandez
player.DFernandez-DAL.rating=2447
player.DFernandez-DAL.team=DAL
player.DFernandez-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.DFernandez-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DanielFernandez.html

player.DGurevich-CHC.handle=DGurevich-CHC
player.DGurevich-CHC.name=Dmitry Gurevich
player.DGurevich-CHC.rating=2481
player.DGurevich-CHC.team=CHC
player.DGurevich-CHC.titles=(GM)
player.DGurevich-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DmitryGurevich.html

player.DSchneider-MAN.handle=DSchneider-MAN
player.DSchneider-MAN.name=Dmitry Schneider
player.DSchneider-MAN.rating=2520
player.DSchneider-MAN.team=MAN
player.DSchneider-MAN.titles=(IM)
player.DSchneider-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DmitrySchneider.html

player.Eckert-STL.handle=Eckert-STL
player.Eckert-STL.name=Doug Eckert
player.Eckert-STL.rating=2238
player.Eckert-STL.team=STL
player.Eckert-STL.titles=(FM)
player.Eckert-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DougEckert.html

player.Enkhbat-BAL.handle=Enkhbat-BAL
player.Enkhbat-BAL.name=Tegshsuren Enkhbat
player.Enkhbat-BAL.rating=2425
player.Enkhbat-BAL.team=BAL
player.Enkhbat-BAL.titles=(IM)
player.Enkhbat-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/TegshsurenEnkhbat.html

player.Erenburg-BAL.handle=Erenburg-BAL
player.Erenburg-BAL.name=Sergey Erenburg
player.Erenburg-BAL.rating=2646
player.Erenburg-BAL.team=BAL
player.Erenburg-BAL.titles=(GM)
player.Erenburg-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SergeyErenburg.html

player.ERodriguez-MIA.handle=ERodriguez-MIA
player.ERodriguez-MIA.name=Eric Rodriguez
player.ERodriguez-MIA.rating=2382
player.ERodriguez-MIA.team=MIA
player.ERodriguez-MIA.titles=(NM)
player.ERodriguez-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EricRodriguez.html

player.Esserman-BOS.handle=Esserman-BOS
player.Esserman-BOS.name=Marc Esserman
player.Esserman-BOS.rating=2492
player.Esserman-BOS.team=BOS
player.Esserman-BOS.titles=(IM)
player.Esserman-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MarcEsserman.html

player.EWilson-PHI.handle=EWilson-PHI
player.EWilson-PHI.name=Elvin Wilson
player.EWilson-PHI.rating=2240
player.EWilson-PHI.team=PHI
player.EWilson-PHI.titles=(NM)
player.EWilson-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ElvinWilson.html

player.Fedorowicz-NY.handle=Fedorowicz-NY
player.Fedorowicz-NY.name=John Fedorowicz
player.Fedorowicz-NY.rating=2508
player.Fedorowicz-NY.team=NY
player.Fedorowicz-NY.titles=(GM)
player.Fedorowicz-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JohnFedorowicz.html

player.Felecan-CHC.handle=Felecan-CHC
player.Felecan-CHC.name=Florin Felecan
player.Felecan-CHC.rating=2415
player.Felecan-CHC.team=CHC
player.Felecan-CHC.titles=(IM)
player.Felecan-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/FlorinFelecan.html

player.Finn-NJ.handle=Finn-NJ
player.Finn-NJ.name=Sean Finn
player.Finn-NJ.rating=2123
player.Finn-NJ.team=NJ
player.Finn-NJ.titles=
player.Finn-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SeanFinn.html

player.Foisor-BAL.handle=Foisor-BAL
player.Foisor-BAL.name=Sabina Foisor
player.Foisor-BAL.rating=2367
player.Foisor-BAL.team=BAL
player.Foisor-BAL.titles=(WGM)
player.Foisor-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SabinaFoisor.html

player.Friedel-SF.handle=Friedel-SF
player.Friedel-SF.name=Josh Friedel
player.Friedel-SF.rating=2575
player.Friedel-SF.team=SF
player.Friedel-SF.titles=(GM)
player.Friedel-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JoshFriedel.html

player.Galofre-MIA.handle=Galofre-MIA
player.Galofre-MIA.name=Charles Galofre
player.Galofre-MIA.rating=2316
player.Galofre-MIA.team=MIA
player.Galofre-MIA.titles=(FM)
player.Galofre-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CharlesGalofre.html

player.Getz-NY.handle=Getz-NY
player.Getz-NY.name=Alec Getz
player.Getz-NY.rating=2377
player.Getz-NY.team=NY
player.Getz-NY.titles=(FM)
player.Getz-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlecGetz.html

player.Gonzalez-MIA.handle=Gonzalez-MIA
player.Gonzalez-MIA.name=Renier Gonzalez
player.Gonzalez-MIA.rating=2540
player.Gonzalez-MIA.team=MIA
player.Gonzalez-MIA.titles=(GM)
player.Gonzalez-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RenierGonzalez.html

player.Gulko-NJ.handle=Gulko-NJ
player.Gulko-NJ.name=Boris Gulko
player.Gulko-NJ.rating=2587
player.Gulko-NJ.team=NJ
player.Gulko-NJ.titles=(GM)
player.Gulko-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BorisGulko.html

player.Guo-SEA.handle=Guo-SEA
player.Guo-SEA.name=Alex Guo
player.Guo-SEA.rating=2116
player.Guo-SEA.team=SEA
player.Guo-SEA.titles=
player.Guo-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexGuo.html

player.Gupta-LA.handle=Gupta-LA
player.Gupta-LA.name=Ankit Gupta
player.Gupta-LA.rating=2290
player.Gupta-LA.team=LA
player.Gupta-LA.titles=(NM)
player.Gupta-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AnkitGupta.html

player.Gurczak-ARZ.handle=Gurczak-ARZ
player.Gurczak-ARZ.name=John Gurczak
player.Gurczak-ARZ.rating=2139
player.Gurczak-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Gurczak-ARZ.titles=
player.Gurczak-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JohnGurczak.html

player.Harper-ARZ.handle=Harper-ARZ
player.Harper-ARZ.name=Warren Harper
player.Harper-ARZ.rating=2408
player.Harper-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Harper-ARZ.titles=(FM)
player.Harper-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/WarrenHarper.html

player.Herbst-CAR.handle=Herbst-CAR
player.Herbst-CAR.name=Richard Herbst
player.Herbst-CAR.rating=2109
player.Herbst-CAR.team=CAR
player.Herbst-CAR.titles=
player.Herbst-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RichardHerbst.html

player.Herman-NY.handle=Herman-NY
player.Herman-NY.name=Matt Herman
player.Herman-NY.rating=2313
player.Herman-NY.team=NY
player.Herman-NY.titles=(NM)
player.Herman-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MattHerman.html

player.Hua-STL.handle=Hua-STL
player.Hua-STL.name=Margaret Hua
player.Hua-STL.rating=1770
player.Hua-STL.team=STL
player.Hua-STL.titles=
player.Hua-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MargaretHua.html

player.Hughes-DAL.handle=Hughes-DAL
player.Hughes-DAL.name=Tyler Hughes
player.Hughes-DAL.rating=2384
player.Hughes-DAL.team=DAL
player.Hughes-DAL.titles=(NM)
player.Hughes-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/TylerHughes.html

player.Hungaski-NE.handle=Hungaski-NE
player.Hungaski-NE.name=Robert Hungaski
player.Hungaski-NE.rating=2520
player.Hungaski-NE.team=NE
player.Hungaski-NE.titles=(IM)
player.Hungaski-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RobertHungaski.html

player.Ippolito-NJ.handle=Ippolito-NJ
player.Ippolito-NJ.name=Dean Ippolito
player.Ippolito-NJ.rating=2526
player.Ippolito-NJ.team=NJ
player.Ippolito-NJ.titles=(IM)
player.Ippolito-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DeanIppolito.html

player.IrinaKrush-NY.handle=IrinaKrush-NY
player.IrinaKrush-NY.name=Irina Krush
player.IrinaKrush-NY.rating=2528
player.IrinaKrush-NY.team=NY
player.IrinaKrush-NY.titles=(IM)
player.IrinaKrush-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/IrinaKrush.html

player.JamesBlack-MAN.handle=JamesBlack-MAN
player.JamesBlack-MAN.name=James Black
player.JamesBlack-MAN.rating=2102
player.JamesBlack-MAN.team=MAN
player.JamesBlack-MAN.titles=
player.JamesBlack-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JamesBlack.html

player.JShahade-PHI.handle=JShahade-PHI
player.JShahade-PHI.name=Jennifer Shahade
player.JShahade-PHI.rating=2301
player.JShahade-PHI.team=PHI
player.JShahade-PHI.titles=(WGM)
player.JShahade-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JennShahade.html

player.Kacheishvili-NY.handle=Kacheishvili-NY
player.Kacheishvili-NY.name=Giorgi Kacheishvili
player.Kacheishvili-NY.rating=2619
player.Kacheishvili-NY.team=NY
player.Kacheishvili-NY.titles=(GM)
player.Kacheishvili-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GiorgiKacheishvili.html

player.Kapengut-NJ.handle=Kapengut-NJ
player.Kapengut-NJ.name=Albert Kapengut
player.Kapengut-NJ.rating=2372
player.Kapengut-NJ.team=NJ
player.Kapengut-NJ.titles=(IM)
player.Kapengut-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlbertKapengut.html

player.Kaplan-BAL.handle=Kaplan-BAL
player.Kaplan-BAL.name=Sasha Kaplan
player.Kaplan-BAL.rating=2482
player.Kaplan-BAL.team=BAL
player.Kaplan-BAL.titles=(IM)
player.Kaplan-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SashaKaplan.html

player.Katz-NY.handle=Katz-NY
player.Katz-NY.name=Alexander Katz
player.Katz-NY.rating=2175
player.Katz-NY.team=NY
player.Katz-NY.titles=
player.Katz-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexanderKatz.html

player.Kavutskiy-LA.handle=Kavutskiy-LA
player.Kavutskiy-LA.name=Konstantin Kavutskiy
player.Kavutskiy-LA.rating=2253
player.Kavutskiy-LA.team=LA
player.Kavutskiy-LA.titles=(NM)
player.Kavutskiy-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/KonstantinKavutskiy.html

player.Khachiyan-LA.handle=Khachiyan-LA
player.Khachiyan-LA.name=Melikset Khachiyan
player.Khachiyan-LA.rating=2590
player.Khachiyan-LA.team=LA
player.Khachiyan-LA.titles=(GM)
player.Khachiyan-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MeliksetKhachiyan.html

player.Kiewra-DAL.handle=Kiewra-DAL
player.Kiewra-DAL.name=Keaton Kiewra
player.Kiewra-DAL.rating=2361
player.Kiewra-DAL.team=DAL
player.Kiewra-DAL.titles=(FM)
player.Kiewra-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/KeatonKiewra.html

player.Klein-CAR.handle=Klein-CAR
player.Klein-CAR.name=Mike Klein
player.Klein-CAR.rating=2304
player.Klein-CAR.team=CAR
player.Klein-CAR.titles=(FM)
player.Klein-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MikeKlein.html

player.Kraai-SF.handle=Kraai-SF
player.Kraai-SF.name=Jesse Kraai
player.Kraai-SF.rating=2551
player.Kraai-SF.team=SF
player.Kraai-SF.titles=(GM)
player.Kraai-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JesseKraai.html

player.Krasik-BOS.handle=Krasik-BOS
player.Krasik-BOS.name=Ilya Krasik
player.Krasik-BOS.rating=2253
player.Krasik-BOS.team=BOS
player.Krasik-BOS.titles=(NM)
player.Krasik-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/IlyaKrasik.html

player.Kretchetov-LA.handle=Kretchetov-LA
player.Kretchetov-LA.name=Alexandre Kretchetov
player.Kretchetov-LA.rating=2376
player.Kretchetov-LA.team=LA
player.Kretchetov-LA.titles=(FM)
player.Kretchetov-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexandreKretchetov.html

player.LarryC-BOS.handle=LarryC-BOS
player.LarryC-BOS.name=Larry Christiansen
player.LarryC-BOS.rating=2665
player.LarryC-BOS.team=BOS
player.LarryC-BOS.titles=(GM)
player.LarryC-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/LarryChristiansen.html

player.Lawton-STL.handle=Lawton-STL
player.Lawton-STL.name=Charles Lawton
player.Lawton-STL.rating=2327
player.Lawton-STL.team=STL
player.Lawton-STL.titles=(NM)
player.Lawton-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CharlesLawton.html

player.Lenderman-NY.handle=Lenderman-NY
player.Lenderman-NY.name=Alex Lenderman
player.Lenderman-NY.rating=2608
player.Lenderman-NY.team=NY
player.Lenderman-NY.titles=(GM)
player.Lenderman-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexLenderman.html

player.Liou-SF.handle=Liou-SF
player.Liou-SF.name=Yian Liou
player.Liou-SF.rating=2254
player.Liou-SF.team=SF
player.Liou-SF.titles=(NM)
player.Liou-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/YianLiou.html

player.LKaufman-BAL.handle=LKaufman-BAL
player.LKaufman-BAL.name=Larry Kaufman
player.LKaufman-BAL.rating=2452
player.LKaufman-BAL.team=BAL
player.LKaufman-BAL.titles=(GM)
player.LKaufman-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/LarryKaufman.html

player.Ludwig-DAL.handle=Ludwig-DAL
player.Ludwig-DAL.name=Daniel Ludwig
player.Ludwig-DAL.rating=2521
player.Ludwig-DAL.team=DAL
player.Ludwig-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.Ludwig-DAL.website=Unavailable

player.Mabe-CAR.handle=Mabe-CAR
player.Mabe-CAR.name=Chris Mabe
player.Mabe-CAR.rating=2244
player.Mabe-CAR.team=CAR
player.Mabe-CAR.titles=(NM)
player.Mabe-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ChrisMabe.html

player.MageshP-PHI.handle=MageshP-PHI
player.MageshP-PHI.name=Magesh Panchanathan
player.MageshP-PHI.rating=2535
player.MageshP-PHI.team=PHI
player.MageshP-PHI.titles=(GM)
player.MageshP-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MageshPanchanathan.html

player.Magness-CHC.handle=Magness-CHC
player.Magness-CHC.name=Trevor Magness
player.Magness-CHC.rating=2195
player.Magness-CHC.team=CHC
player.Magness-CHC.titles=(NM)
player.Magness-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/TrevorMagness.html

player.Markzon-NJ.handle=Markzon-NJ
player.Markzon-NJ.name=Gregory Markzon
player.Markzon-NJ.rating=2289
player.Markzon-NJ.team=NJ
player.Markzon-NJ.titles=(FM)
player.Markzon-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GregoryMarkzon.html

player.Martirosov-BOS.handle=Martirosov-BOS
player.Martirosov-BOS.name=Vadim Martirosov
player.Martirosov-BOS.rating=2248
player.Martirosov-BOS.team=BOS
player.Martirosov-BOS.titles=(NM)
player.Martirosov-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/VadimMartirosov.html

player.Mateer-ARZ.handle=Mateer-ARZ
player.Mateer-ARZ.name=Amanda Mateer
player.Mateer-ARZ.rating=2135
player.Mateer-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Mateer-ARZ.titles=
player.Mateer-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AmandaMateer.html

player.Matikozyan-LA.handle=Matikozyan-LA
player.Matikozyan-LA.name=Andranik Matikozyan
player.Matikozyan-LA.rating=2545
player.Matikozyan-LA.team=LA
player.Matikozyan-LA.titles=(IM)
player.Matikozyan-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AndranikMatikozyan.html

player.Matlin-NJ.handle=Matlin-NJ
player.Matlin-NJ.name=Anna Matlin
player.Matlin-NJ.rating=2078
player.Matlin-NJ.team=NJ
player.Matlin-NJ.titles=
player.Matlin-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AnnaMatlin.html

player.MichaelLee-SEA.handle=MichaelLee-SEA
player.MichaelLee-SEA.name=Michael Lee
player.MichaelLee-SEA.rating=2440
player.MichaelLee-SEA.team=SEA
player.MichaelLee-SEA.titles=(FM)
player.MichaelLee-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MichaelLee.html

player.Mikhailuk-SEA.handle=Mikhailuk-SEA
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.name=Slava Mikhailuk
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.rating=2431
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.team=SEA
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.titles=(FM)
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SlavaMikhailuk.html

player.Milat-SEA.handle=Milat-SEA
player.Milat-SEA.name=Marcel Milat
player.Milat-SEA.rating=2353
player.Milat-SEA.team=SEA
player.Milat-SEA.titles=(FM)
player.Milat-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MarcelMilat.html

player.Milman-MAN.handle=Milman-MAN
player.Milman-MAN.name=Lev Milman
player.Milman-MAN.rating=2501
player.Milman-MAN.team=MAN
player.Milman-MAN.titles=(IM)
player.Milman-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/LevMilman.html

player.Milovanovic-DAL.handle=Milovanovic-DAL
player.Milovanovic-DAL.name=Rade Milovanovic
player.Milovanovic-DAL.rating=2444
player.Milovanovic-DAL.team=DAL
player.Milovanovic-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.Milovanovic-DAL.website=Unavailable

player.MMartinez-MIA.handle=MMartinez-MIA
player.MMartinez-MIA.name=Marcel Martinez
player.MMartinez-MIA.rating=2475
player.MMartinez-MIA.team=MIA
player.MMartinez-MIA.titles=(FM)
player.MMartinez-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MarcelMartinez.html

player.Molner-NJ.handle=Molner-NJ
player.Molner-NJ.name=Mackenzie Molner
player.Molner-NJ.rating=2548
player.Molner-NJ.team=NJ
player.Molner-NJ.titles=(IM)
player.Molner-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MackenzieMolner.html

player.Mshahade-PHI.handle=Mshahade-PHI
player.Mshahade-PHI.name=Michael Shahade
player.Mshahade-PHI.rating=2231
player.Mshahade-PHI.team=PHI
player.Mshahade-PHI.titles=(FM)
player.Mshahade-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/mikeshahade.html

player.Nakamura-STL.handle=Nakamura-STL
player.Nakamura-STL.name=Hikaru Nakamura
player.Nakamura-STL.rating=2806
player.Nakamura-STL.team=STL
player.Nakamura-STL.titles=(GM)
player.Nakamura-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/HikaruNakamura.html

player.Naroditsky-SF.handle=Naroditsky-SF
player.Naroditsky-SF.name=Daniel Naroditsky
player.Naroditsky-SF.rating=2453
player.Naroditsky-SF.team=SF
player.Naroditsky-SF.titles=(FM)
player.Naroditsky-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DanielNaroditsky.html

player.NLopez-DAL.handle=NLopez-DAL
player.NLopez-DAL.name=Nelson Lopez
player.NLopez-DAL.rating=2229
player.NLopez-DAL.team=DAL
player.NLopez-DAL.titles=(NM)
player.NLopez-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/NelsonLopez.html

player.Ostrovskiy-NY.handle=Ostrovskiy-NY
player.Ostrovskiy-NY.name=Aleksandr Ostrovskiy
player.Ostrovskiy-NY.rating=2289
player.Ostrovskiy-NY.team=NY
player.Ostrovskiy-NY.titles=(NM)
player.Ostrovskiy-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexOstrovsky.html

player.Perelshteyn-BOS.handle=Perelshteyn-BOS
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.name=Eugene Perelshteyn
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.rating=2568
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.team=BOS
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.titles=(GM)
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EugenePerelshteyn.html

player.Perez-MIA.handle=Perez-MIA
player.Perez-MIA.name=Robert Perez
player.Perez-MIA.rating=2175
player.Perez-MIA.team=MIA
player.Perez-MIA.titles=(NM)
player.Perez-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RobertPerez.html

player.Pruess-SF.handle=Pruess-SF
player.Pruess-SF.name=David Pruess
player.Pruess-SF.rating=2411
player.Pruess-SF.team=SF
player.Pruess-SF.titles=(IM)
player.Pruess-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DavidPruess.html

player.Rabin-BOS.handle=Rabin-BOS
player.Rabin-BOS.name=Evan Rabin
player.Rabin-BOS.rating=2227
player.Rabin-BOS.team=BOS
player.Rabin-BOS.titles=(NM)
player.Rabin-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EvanRabin.html

player.RCostigan-PHI.handle=RCostigan-PHI
player.RCostigan-PHI.name=Richard Costigan
player.RCostigan-PHI.rating=2288
player.RCostigan-PHI.team=PHI
player.RCostigan-PHI.titles=(IM)
player.RCostigan-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/rickcostigan.html

player.Rensch-ARZ.handle=Rensch-ARZ
player.Rensch-ARZ.name=Daniel Rensch
player.Rensch-ARZ.rating=2471
player.Rensch-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Rensch-ARZ.titles=(IM)
player.Rensch-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DanielRensch.html

player.Rich-STL.handle=Rich-STL
player.Rich-STL.name=Tony Rich
player.Rich-STL.rating=1934
player.Rich-STL.team=STL
player.Rich-STL.titles=
player.Rich-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/TonyRich.html

player.Riordan-NE.handle=Riordan-NE
player.Riordan-NE.name=Charles Riordan
player.Riordan-NE.rating=2397
player.Riordan-NE.team=NE
player.Riordan-NE.titles=(FM)
player.Riordan-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CharlesRiordan.html

player.RKaufman-BAL.handle=RKaufman-BAL
player.RKaufman-BAL.name=Ray Kaufman
player.RKaufman-BAL.rating=2433
player.RKaufman-BAL.team=BAL
player.RKaufman-BAL.titles=(IM)
player.RKaufman-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RayKaufman.html

player.Roberts-DAL.handle=Roberts-DAL
player.Roberts-DAL.name=Gerald Roberts
player.Roberts-DAL.rating=1891
player.Roberts-DAL.team=DAL
player.Roberts-DAL.titles=
player.Roberts-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GeraldRoberts.html

player.Rohonyan-SEA.handle=Rohonyan-SEA
player.Rohonyan-SEA.name=Katerina Rohonyan
player.Rohonyan-SEA.rating=2327
player.Rohonyan-SEA.team=SEA
player.Rohonyan-SEA.titles=(WGM)
player.Rohonyan-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/KaterinaRohonyan.html

player.Rosen-CHC.handle=Rosen-CHC
player.Rosen-CHC.name=Eric Rosen
player.Rosen-CHC.rating=2227
player.Rosen-CHC.team=CHC
player.Rosen-CHC.titles=(NM)
player.Rosen-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EricRosen.html

player.Rosenthal-MIA.handle=Rosenthal-MIA
player.Rosenthal-MIA.name=Nicholas Rosenthal
player.Rosenthal-MIA.rating=2047
player.Rosenthal-MIA.team=MIA
player.Rosenthal-MIA.titles=
player.Rosenthal-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/NicholasRosenthal.html

player.Sadorra-DAL.handle=Sadorra-DAL
player.Sadorra-DAL.name=Julio Sadorra
player.Sadorra-DAL.rating=2471
player.Sadorra-DAL.team=DAL
player.Sadorra-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.Sadorra-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JulioSadorra.html

player.Sammour-BOS.handle=Sammour-BOS
player.Sammour-BOS.name=Jorge Sammour-Hasbun
player.Sammour-BOS.rating=2603
player.Sammour-BOS.team=BOS
player.Sammour-BOS.titles=(SM)
player.Sammour-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JorgeSammourHasbun.html

player.Santalla-MIA.handle=Santalla-MIA
player.Santalla-MIA.name=Andres Santalla
player.Santalla-MIA.rating=2163
player.Santalla-MIA.team=MIA
player.Santalla-MIA.titles=(NM)
player.Santalla-MIA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AndresSantalla.html

player.Schoch-BAL.handle=Schoch-BAL
player.Schoch-BAL.name=Ian Schoch
player.Schoch-BAL.rating=2245
player.Schoch-BAL.team=BAL
player.Schoch-BAL.titles=(NM)
player.Schoch-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/IanSchoch.html

player.Schroer-CAR.handle=Schroer-CAR
player.Schroer-CAR.name=Jonathan Schroer
player.Schroer-CAR.rating=2437
player.Schroer-CAR.team=CAR
player.Schroer-CAR.titles=(IM)
player.Schroer-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JonathanSchroer.html

player.Selzler-BAL.handle=Selzler-BAL
player.Selzler-BAL.name=Ricky Selzler
player.Selzler-BAL.rating=2252
player.Selzler-BAL.team=BAL
player.Selzler-BAL.titles=(NM)
player.Selzler-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RickySelzler.html

player.Serper-SEA.handle=Serper-SEA
player.Serper-SEA.name=Gregory Serper
player.Serper-SEA.rating=2592
player.Serper-SEA.team=SEA
player.Serper-SEA.titles=(GM)
player.Serper-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GregorySerper.html

player.SFinegold-STL.handle=SFinegold-STL
player.SFinegold-STL.name=Spencer Finegold
player.SFinegold-STL.rating=1974
player.SFinegold-STL.team=STL
player.SFinegold-STL.titles=
player.SFinegold-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SpencerFinegold.html

player.Shankar-CHC.handle=Shankar-CHC
player.Shankar-CHC.name=Gauri Shankar
player.Shankar-CHC.rating=2304
player.Shankar-CHC.team=CHC
player.Shankar-CHC.titles=(FM)
player.Shankar-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GauriShankar.html

player.Shankland-NE.handle=Shankland-NE
player.Shankland-NE.name=Sam Shankland
player.Shankland-NE.rating=2567
player.Shankland-NE.team=NE
player.Shankland-NE.titles=(IM)
player.Shankland-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/SamShankland.html

player.Shmelov-BOS.handle=Shmelov-BOS
player.Shmelov-BOS.name=Denys Shmelov
player.Shmelov-BOS.rating=2471
player.Shmelov-BOS.team=BOS
player.Shmelov-BOS.titles=(SM)
player.Shmelov-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DenysShmelov.html

player.Shulman-STL.handle=Shulman-STL
player.Shulman-STL.name=Yury Shulman
player.Shulman-STL.rating=2715
player.Shulman-STL.team=STL
player.Shulman-STL.titles=(GM)
player.Shulman-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/YuryShulman.html

player.Simpson-CAR.handle=Simpson-CAR
player.Simpson-CAR.name=Ron Simpson
player.Simpson-CAR.rating=2330
player.Simpson-CAR.team=CAR
player.Simpson-CAR.titles=(FM)
player.Simpson-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RonSimpson.html

player.Sinanan-SEA.handle=Sinanan-SEA
player.Sinanan-SEA.name=Joshua Sinanan
player.Sinanan-SEA.rating=2267
player.Sinanan-SEA.team=SEA
player.Sinanan-SEA.titles=(NM)
player.Sinanan-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JoshSinanan.html

player.Sivakumar-PHI.handle=Sivakumar-PHI
player.Sivakumar-PHI.name=Kavinayan Sivakumar
player.Sivakumar-PHI.rating=2108
player.Sivakumar-PHI.team=PHI
player.Sivakumar-PHI.titles=
player.Sivakumar-PHI.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/KavinayanSivakumar.html

player.Smith-MAN.handle=Smith-MAN
player.Smith-MAN.name=Shaun Smith
player.Smith-MAN.rating=2008
player.Smith-MAN.team=MAN
player.Smith-MAN.titles=
player.Smith-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ShaunSmith.html

player.Stripunsky-MAN.handle=Stripunsky-MAN
player.Stripunsky-MAN.name=Alex Stripunsky
player.Stripunsky-MAN.rating=2659
player.Stripunsky-MAN.team=MAN
player.Stripunsky-MAN.titles=(GM)
player.Stripunsky-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AlexStripunsky.html

player.Tanaka-LA.handle=Tanaka-LA
player.Tanaka-LA.name=Christian Tanaka
player.Tanaka-LA.rating=2227
player.Tanaka-LA.team=LA
player.Tanaka-LA.titles=(NM)
player.Tanaka-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ChristianTanaka.html

player.Theil-NE.handle=Theil-NE
player.Theil-NE.name=Carey Theil
player.Theil-NE.rating=2251
player.Theil-NE.team=NE
player.Theil-NE.titles=(NM)
player.Theil-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CareyTheil.html

player.Thompson-ARZ.handle=Thompson-ARZ
player.Thompson-ARZ.name=Nick Thompson
player.Thompson-ARZ.rating=2183
player.Thompson-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Thompson-ARZ.titles=(NM)
player.Thompson-ARZ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/NickThompson.html

player.Timmel-CAR.handle=Timmel-CAR
player.Timmel-CAR.name=John Timmel
player.Timmel-CAR.rating=2103
player.Timmel-CAR.team=CAR
player.Timmel-CAR.titles=
player.Timmel-CAR.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JohnTimmel.html

player.Tsai-CHC.handle=Tsai-CHC
player.Tsai-CHC.name=Cindy Tsai
player.Tsai-CHC.rating=2171
player.Tsai-CHC.team=CHC
player.Tsai-CHC.titles=(WIM)
player.Tsai-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/CindyTsai.html

player.vandeMortel-NE.handle=vandeMortel-NE
player.vandeMortel-NE.name=Jan van de Mortel
player.vandeMortel-NE.rating=2462
player.vandeMortel-NE.team=NE
player.vandeMortel-NE.titles=(IM)
player.vandeMortel-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JanvandeMortel.html

player.Vicary-MAN.handle=Vicary-MAN
player.Vicary-MAN.name=Elizabeth Vicary
player.Vicary-MAN.rating=2081
player.Vicary-MAN.team=MAN
player.Vicary-MAN.titles=(WFM)
player.Vicary-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/ElizabethVicary.html

player.Vigorito-NE.handle=Vigorito-NE
player.Vigorito-NE.name=David Vigorito
player.Vigorito-NE.rating=2524
player.Vigorito-NE.team=NE
player.Vigorito-NE.titles=(IM)
player.Vigorito-NE.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DaveVigorito.html

player.Vinuthna-CHC.handle=Vinuthna-CHC
player.Vinuthna-CHC.name=Nalluri Vinuthna
player.Vinuthna-CHC.rating=2293
player.Vinuthna-CHC.team=CHC
player.Vinuthna-CHC.titles=(WIM)
player.Vinuthna-CHC.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/NalluriVinuthna.html

player.Voelker-STL.handle=Voelker-STL
player.Voelker-STL.name=Jim Voelker
player.Voelker-STL.rating=2141
player.Voelker-STL.team=STL
player.Voelker-STL.titles=(NM)
player.Voelker-STL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JimVoelker.html

player.Vovsha-MAN.handle=Vovsha-MAN
player.Vovsha-MAN.name=Eli Vovsha
player.Vovsha-MAN.rating=2539
player.Vovsha-MAN.team=MAN
player.Vovsha-MAN.titles=(IM)
player.Vovsha-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EliVovsha.html

player.VShen-NJ.handle=VShen-NJ
player.VShen-NJ.name=Victor Shen
player.VShen-NJ.rating=2339
player.VShen-NJ.team=NJ
player.VShen-NJ.titles=(FM)
player.VShen-NJ.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/VictorShen.html

player.Wang-DAL.handle=Wang-DAL
player.Wang-DAL.name=Puchen Wang
player.Wang-DAL.rating=2533
player.Wang-DAL.team=DAL
player.Wang-DAL.titles=(IM)
player.Wang-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/PuchenWang.html

player.Wang-SEA.handle=Wang-SEA
player.Wang-SEA.name=Michael Wang
player.Wang-SEA.rating=2103
player.Wang-SEA.team=SEA
player.Wang-SEA.titles=
player.Wang-SEA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/MichaelWang.html

player.Williams-NY.handle=Williams-NY
player.Williams-NY.name=Justus Williams
player.Williams-NY.rating=2167
player.Williams-NY.team=NY
player.Williams-NY.titles=
player.Williams-NY.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/JustusWilliams.html

player.Wolff-SF.handle=Wolff-SF
player.Wolff-SF.name=Patrick Wolff
player.Wolff-SF.rating=2623
player.Wolff-SF.team=SF
player.Wolff-SF.titles=(GM)
player.Wolff-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/PatrickWolff.html

player.Xu-BOS.handle=Xu-BOS
player.Xu-BOS.name=Grant Xu
player.Xu-BOS.rating=2061
player.Xu-BOS.team=BOS
player.Xu-BOS.titles=
player.Xu-BOS.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/GrantXu.html

player.Yanayt-LA.handle=Yanayt-LA
player.Yanayt-LA.name=Eugene Yanayt
player.Yanayt-LA.rating=2240
player.Yanayt-LA.team=LA
player.Yanayt-LA.titles=(FM)
player.Yanayt-LA.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/EugeneYanayt.html

player.Zaremba-MAN.handle=Zaremba-MAN
player.Zaremba-MAN.name=Andrei Zaremba
player.Zaremba-MAN.rating=2361
player.Zaremba-MAN.team=MAN
player.Zaremba-MAN.titles=(FM)
player.Zaremba-MAN.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/AndreiZaremba.html

player.Zierk-SF.handle=Zierk-SF
player.Zierk-SF.name=Steven Zierk
player.Zierk-SF.rating=2426
player.Zierk-SF.team=SF
player.Zierk-SF.titles=(FM)
player.Zierk-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/StevenZierk.html

player.Zilberstein-SF.handle=Zilberstein-SF
player.Zilberstein-SF.name=Dmitry Zilberstein
player.Zilberstein-SF.rating=2429
player.Zilberstein-SF.team=SF
player.Zilberstein-SF.titles=(IM)
player.Zilberstein-SF.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/DmitryZilberstein.html

player.Zimmer-BAL.handle=Zimmer-BAL
player.Zimmer-BAL.name=Ralph Zimmer
player.Zimmer-BAL.rating=2279
player.Zimmer-BAL.team=BAL
player.Zimmer-BAL.titles=(FM)
player.Zimmer-BAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/RalphZimmer.html

player.Zorigt-DAL.handle=Zorigt-DAL
player.Zorigt-DAL.name=Bayaraa Zorigt
player.Zorigt-DAL.rating=2240
player.Zorigt-DAL.team=DAL
player.Zorigt-DAL.titles=(WFM)
player.Zorigt-DAL.website=http://www.uschessleague.com/BayaraaZorigt.html

