#USCL Teams

team.ARZ.code=ARZ
team.ARZ.location=Arizona
team.ARZ.name=Arizona Scorpions
team.ARZ.website=http://uschessleague.com/arizona.php
team.ARZ.division=Western

team.BAL.code=BAL
team.BAL.location=Baltimore
team.BAL.name=Baltimore Kingfishers
team.BAL.website=http://uschessleague.com/baltimore.php
team.BAL.division=Eastern

team.BOS.code=BOS
team.BOS.location=Boston
team.BOS.name=Boston Blitz
team.BOS.website=http://uschessleague.com/boston.php
team.BOS.division=Eastern

team.CAR.code=CAR
team.CAR.location=Carolina
team.CAR.name=Carolina Cobras
team.CAR.website=http://uschessleague.com/carolina.php
team.CAR.division=Western

team.CON.code=CON
team.CON.location=Connecticut
team.CON.name=Connecticut Dreadnoughts
team.CON.website=http://uschessleague.com/connecticut.php
team.CON.division=Eastern

team.DAL.code=DAL
team.DAL.location=Dallas
team.DAL.name=Dallas Destiny
team.DAL.website=http://uschessleague.com/dallas.php
team.DAL.division=Western

team.ICC.code=ICC
team.ICC.location=Internet Chess Club
team.ICC.name=USCL-Bot Testers
team.ICC.website=http://www.chessclub.com/
team.ICC.division=Test

team.LA.code=LA
team.LA.location=Los Angeles
team.LA.name=Los Angeles Vibe
team.LA.website=http://uschessleague.com/losangeles.php
team.LA.division=Western

team.MAN.code=MAN
team.MAN.location=Manhattan
team.MAN.name=Manhattan Applesauce
team.MAN.website=http://uschessleague.com/manhattan.php
team.MAN.division=Eastern

team.MIA.code=MIA
team.MIA.location=Miami
team.MIA.name=Miami Sharks
team.MIA.website=http://uschessleague.com/miami.php
team.MIA.division=Western

team.NE.code=NE
team.NE.location=New England
team.NE.name=New England Nor'easters
team.NE.website=http://uschessleague.com/newengland.php
team.NE.division=Eastern

team.NJ.code=NJ
team.NJ.location=New Jersey
team.NJ.name=New Jersey Knockouts
team.NJ.website=http://uschessleague.com/newjersey.php
team.NJ.division=Eastern

team.NY.code=NY
team.NY.location=New York
team.NY.name=New York Knights
team.NY.website=http://uschessleague.com/newyork.php
team.NY.division=Eastern

team.PHI.code=PHI
team.PHI.location=Philadelphia
team.PHI.name=Philadelphia Inventors
team.PHI.website=http://uschessleague.com/philadelphia.php
team.PHI.division=Eastern

team.SEA.code=SEA
team.SEA.location=Seattle
team.SEA.name=Seattle Sluggers
team.SEA.website=http://uschessleague.com/seattle.php
team.SEA.division=Western

team.SF.code=SF
team.SF.location=San Francisco
team.SF.name=San Francisco Mechanics
team.SF.website=http://uschessleague.com/sanfrancisco.php
team.SF.division=Western

team.STL.code=STL
team.STL.location=St. Louis
team.STL.name=St. Louis Arch Bishops
team.STL.website=http://uschessleague.com/stlouis.php
team.STL.division=Western

