#New Handles:

player.Shulman-CHC.handle=Shulman-CHC
player.Shulman-CHC.name=Yury Shulman
player.Shulman-CHC.rating=2687
player.Shulman-CHC.team=CHC
player.Shulman-CHC.titles=(GM)

player.Erenburg-PHI.handle=Erenburg-PHI
player.Erenburg-PHI.name=Sergey Erenburg
player.Erenburg-PHI.rating=2679
player.Erenburg-PHI.team=PHI
player.Erenburg-PHI.titles=(GM)

player.Ramirez-LA.handle=Ramirez-LA
player.Ramirez-LA.name=Alejandro Ramirez
player.Ramirez-LA.rating=2660
player.Ramirez-LA.team=LA
player.Ramirez-LA.titles=(GM)

player.Iotov-DAL.handle=Iotov-DAL
player.Iotov-DAL.name=Valentin Iotov
player.Iotov-DAL.rating=2631
player.Iotov-DAL.team=DAL
player.Iotov-DAL.titles=(GM)

player.Friedel-CHC.handle=Friedel-CHC
player.Friedel-CHC.name=Josh Friedel
player.Friedel-CHC.rating=2609
player.Friedel-CHC.team=CHC
player.Friedel-CHC.titles=(GM)

player.MAmanov-CHC.handle=MAmanov-CHC
player.MAmanov-CHC.name=Mesgen Amanov
player.MAmanov-CHC.rating=2576
player.MAmanov-CHC.team=CHC
player.MAmanov-CHC.titles=(GM)

player.Vojinovic-STL.handle=Vojinovic-STL
player.Vojinovic-STL.name=Goran Vojinovic
player.Vojinovic-STL.rating=2567
player.Vojinovic-STL.team=STL
player.Vojinovic-STL.titles=(IM)

player.Chirila-DAL.handle=Chirila-DAL
player.Chirila-DAL.name=Cristian Chirila
player.Chirila-DAL.rating=2565
player.Chirila-DAL.team=DAL
player.Chirila-DAL.titles=(GM)

player.Fishbein-NJ.handle=Fishbein-NJ
player.Fishbein-NJ.name=Alex Fishbein
player.Fishbein-NJ.rating=2563
player.Fishbein-NJ.team=NJ
player.Fishbein-NJ.titles=(GM)

player.Orlov-SEA.handle=Orlov-SEA
player.Orlov-SEA.name=Georgi Orlov
player.Orlov-SEA.rating=2541
player.Orlov-SEA.team=SEA
player.Orlov-SEA.titles=(IM)

player.GiorgiM-BAL.handle=GiorgiM-BAL
player.GiorgiM-BAL.name=Giorgi Margvelashvili
player.GiorgiM-BAL.rating=2538
player.GiorgiM-BAL.team=BAL
player.GiorgiM-BAL.titles=(GM)

player.Holt-DAL.handle=Holt-DAL
player.Holt-DAL.name=Conrad Holt
player.Holt-DAL.rating=2520
player.Holt-DAL.team=DAL
player.Holt-DAL.titles=(IM)

player.Bartholomew-MAN.handle=Bartholomew-MAN
player.Bartholomew-MAN.name=John Bartholomew
player.Bartholomew-MAN.rating=2499
player.Bartholomew-MAN.team=MAN
player.Bartholomew-MAN.titles=(IM)

player.vandeMortel-BOS.handle=vandeMortel-BOS
player.vandeMortel-BOS.name=Jan van de Mortel
player.vandeMortel-BOS.rating=2499
player.vandeMortel-BOS.team=BOS
player.vandeMortel-BOS.titles=(IM)

player.Griego-BOS.handle=Griego-BOS
player.Griego-BOS.name=David Griego
player.Griego-BOS.rating=2494
player.Griego-BOS.team=BOS
player.Griego-BOS.titles=(FM)

player.Mandizha-MAN.handle=Mandizha-MAN
player.Mandizha-MAN.name=Farai Mandizha
player.Mandizha-MAN.rating=2494
player.Mandizha-MAN.team=MAN
player.Mandizha-MAN.titles=(FM)

player.Berezovsky-NJ.handle=Berezovsky-NJ
player.Berezovsky-NJ.name=Igor Berezovsky
player.Berezovsky-NJ.rating=2487
player.Berezovsky-NJ.team=NJ
player.Berezovsky-NJ.titles=(IM)

player.Molner-ARZ.handle=Molner-ARZ
player.Molner-ARZ.name=Mackenzie Molner
player.Molner-ARZ.rating=2482
player.Molner-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Molner-ARZ.titles=(IM)

player.ZAmanov-LA.handle=ZAmanov-LA
player.ZAmanov-LA.name=Zhanibek Amanov
player.ZAmanov-LA.rating=2472
player.ZAmanov-LA.team=LA
player.ZAmanov-LA.titles=(IM)

player.JoelBanawa-LA.handle=JoelBanawa-LA
player.JoelBanawa-LA.name=Joel Banawa
player.JoelBanawa-LA.rating=2456
player.JoelBanawa-LA.team=LA
player.JoelBanawa-LA.titles=(FM)

player.Matros-CAR.handle=Matros-CAR
player.Matros-CAR.name=Alexander Matros
player.Matros-CAR.rating=2440
player.Matros-CAR.team=CAR
player.Matros-CAR.titles=(IM)

player.Yedidia-NE.handle=Yedidia-NE
player.Yedidia-NE.name=Jonathan Yedidia
player.Yedidia-NE.rating=2428
player.Yedidia-NE.team=NE
player.Yedidia-NE.titles=(IM)

player.Battaglini-CAR.handle=Battaglini-CAR
player.Battaglini-CAR.name=Gabriel Battaglini
player.Battaglini-CAR.rating=2420
player.Battaglini-CAR.team=CAR
player.Battaglini-CAR.titles=(IM)

player.Donaldson-SF.handle=Donaldson-SF
player.Donaldson-SF.name=John Donaldson
player.Donaldson-SF.rating=2402
player.Donaldson-SF.team=SF
player.Donaldson-SF.titles=(IM)

player.Olivera-MIA.handle=Olivera-MIA
player.Olivera-MIA.name=Joan Olivera
player.Olivera-MIA.rating=2399
player.Olivera-MIA.team=MIA
player.Olivera-MIA.titles=(FM)

player.Pressman-NY.handle=Pressman-NY
player.Pressman-NY.name=Leif Pressman
player.Pressman-NY.rating=2381
player.Pressman-NY.team=NY
player.Pressman-NY.titles=

player.Fisher-PHI.handle=Fisher-PHI
player.Fisher-PHI.name=William Fisher
player.Fisher-PHI.rating=2369
player.Fisher-PHI.team=PHI
player.Fisher-PHI.titles=

player.Korley-CAR.handle=Korley-CAR
player.Korley-CAR.name=Kassa Korley
player.Korley-CAR.rating=2368
player.Korley-CAR.team=CAR
player.Korley-CAR.titles=(FM)

player.JakeBanawa-STL.handle=JakeBanawa-STL
player.JakeBanawa-STL.name=Joaquin Banawa
player.JakeBanawa-STL.rating=2366
player.JakeBanawa-STL.team=STL
player.JakeBanawa-STL.titles=(FM)

player.Defibaugh-BAL.handle=Defibaugh-BAL
player.Defibaugh-BAL.name=Jared Defibaugh
player.Defibaugh-BAL.rating=2363
player.Defibaugh-BAL.team=BAL
player.Defibaugh-BAL.titles=

player.Vedrickas-DAL.handle=Vedrickas-DAL
player.Vedrickas-DAL.name=Tautyvdas Vedrickas
player.Vedrickas-DAL.rating=2350
player.Vedrickas-DAL.team=DAL
player.Vedrickas-DAL.titles=(FM)

player.Dean-CHC.handle=Dean-CHC
player.Dean-CHC.name=Jim Dean
player.Dean-CHC.rating=2336
player.Dean-CHC.team=CHC
player.Dean-CHC.titles=(FM)

player.Aliyev-STL.handle=Aliyev-STL
player.Aliyev-STL.name=Timur Aliyev
player.Aliyev-STL.rating=2330
player.Aliyev-STL.team=STL
player.Aliyev-STL.titles=

player.Atoufi-ARZ.handle=Atoufi-ARZ
player.Atoufi-ARZ.name=Pedram Atoufi
player.Atoufi-ARZ.rating=2326
player.Atoufi-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Atoufi-ARZ.titles=

player.Hernandez-MIA.handle=Hernandez-MIA
player.Hernandez-MIA.name=Alberto Hernandez
player.Hernandez-MIA.rating=2321
player.Hernandez-MIA.team=MIA
player.Hernandez-MIA.titles=

player.Hansen-NJ.handle=Hansen-NJ
player.Hansen-NJ.name=Carsten Hansen
player.Hansen-NJ.rating=2318
player.Hansen-NJ.team=NJ
player.Hansen-NJ.titles=(FM)

player.Ardaman-CAR.handle=Ardaman-CAR
player.Ardaman-CAR.name=Miles Ardaman
player.Ardaman-CAR.rating=2311
player.Ardaman-CAR.team=CAR
player.Ardaman-CAR.titles=(FM)

player.Bodek-NY.handle=Bodek-NY
player.Bodek-NY.name=Michael Bodek
player.Bodek-NY.rating=2288
player.Bodek-NY.team=NY
player.Bodek-NY.titles=

player.Gu-BOS.handle=Gu-BOS
player.Gu-BOS.name=Christopher Gu
player.Gu-BOS.rating=2283
player.Gu-BOS.team=BOS
player.Gu-BOS.titles=

player.Gershenov-NY.handle=Gershenov-NY
player.Gershenov-NY.name=Ben Gershenov
player.Gershenov-NY.rating=2279
player.Gershenov-NY.team=NY
player.Gershenov-NY.titles=

player.Minear-PHI.handle=Minear-PHI
player.Minear-PHI.name=Peter Minear
player.Minear-PHI.rating=2278
player.Minear-PHI.team=PHI
player.Minear-PHI.titles=

player.Pelaez-MIA.handle=Pelaez-MIA
player.Pelaez-MIA.name=Jorge Pelaez
player.Pelaez-MIA.rating=2264
player.Pelaez-MIA.team=MIA
player.Pelaez-MIA.titles=(FM)

player.Sevian-SF.handle=Sevian-SF
player.Sevian-SF.name=Samuel Sevian
player.Sevian-SF.rating=2262
player.Sevian-SF.team=SF
player.Sevian-SF.titles=

player.Fikiet-NE.handle=Fikiet-NE
player.Fikiet-NE.name=Alex Fikiet
player.Fikiet-NE.rating=2255
player.Fikiet-NE.team=NE
player.Fikiet-NE.titles=

player.Ding-STL.handle=Ding-STL
player.Ding-STL.name=Jialin Ding
player.Ding-STL.rating=2244
player.Ding-STL.team=STL
player.Ding-STL.titles=

player.Kelley-SEA.handle=Kelley-SEA
player.Kelley-SEA.name=Dereque Kelley
player.Kelley-SEA.rating=2241
player.Kelley-SEA.team=SEA
player.Kelley-SEA.titles=

player.Xiong-DAL.handle=Xiong-DAL
player.Xiong-DAL.name=Jeffrey Xiong
player.Xiong-DAL.rating=2237
player.Xiong-DAL.team=DAL
player.Xiong-DAL.titles=(FM)

player.Krishnan-LA.handle=Krishnan-LA
player.Krishnan-LA.name=Varun Krishnan
player.Krishnan-LA.rating=2232
player.Krishnan-LA.team=LA
player.Krishnan-LA.titles=

player.Goldberg-NE.handle=Goldberg-NE
player.Goldberg-NE.name=Ben Goldberg
player.Goldberg-NE.rating=2230
player.Goldberg-NE.team=NE
player.Goldberg-NE.titles=

player.Menon-CHC.handle=Menon-CHC
player.Menon-CHC.name=Gopal Menon
player.Menon-CHC.rating=2222
player.Menon-CHC.team=CHC
player.Menon-CHC.titles=

player.Cao-STL.handle=Cao-STL
player.Cao-STL.name=Kevin Cao
player.Cao-STL.rating=2215
player.Cao-STL.team=STL
player.Cao-STL.titles=

player.Brattain-NE.handle=Brattain-NE
player.Brattain-NE.name=Mika Brattain
player.Brattain-NE.rating=2208
player.Brattain-NE.team=NE
player.Brattain-NE.titles=

player.Schmakel-CHC.handle=Schmakel-CHC
player.Schmakel-CHC.name=Sam Schmakel
player.Schmakel-CHC.rating=2190
player.Schmakel-CHC.team=CHC
player.Schmakel-CHC.titles=

player.Golub-SEA.handle=Golub-SEA
player.Golub-SEA.name=David Golub
player.Golub-SEA.rating=2188
player.Golub-SEA.team=SEA
player.Golub-SEA.titles=

player.Prilleltensky-MAN.handle=Prilleltensky-MAN
player.Prilleltensky-MAN.name=Matan Prilleltensky
player.Prilleltensky-MAN.rating=2186
player.Prilleltensky-MAN.team=MAN
player.Prilleltensky-MAN.titles=

player.Wu-NJ.handle=Wu-NJ
player.Wu-NJ.name=Christopher Wu
player.Wu-NJ.rating=2151
player.Wu-NJ.team=NJ
player.Wu-NJ.titles=

player.Mosiyenko-BOS.handle=Mosiyenko-BOS
player.Mosiyenko-BOS.name=Daniil Mosiyenko
player.Mosiyenko-BOS.rating=2132
player.Mosiyenko-BOS.team=BOS
player.Mosiyenko-BOS.titles=

player.Fernandez-NY.handle=Fernandez-NY
player.Fernandez-NY.name=John Fernandez
player.Fernandez-NY.rating=2129
player.Fernandez-NY.team=NY
player.Fernandez-NY.titles=

player.Lu-LA.handle=Lu-LA
player.Lu-LA.name=Albert Lu
player.Lu-LA.rating=2086
player.Lu-LA.team=LA
player.Lu-LA.titles=

player.Feng-SEA.handle=Feng-SEA
player.Feng-SEA.name=Roland Feng
player.Feng-SEA.rating=2074
player.Feng-SEA.team=SEA
player.Feng-SEA.titles=

player.Karlow-STL.handle=Karlow-STL
player.Karlow-STL.name=Nick Karlow
player.Karlow-STL.rating=2068
player.Karlow-STL.team=STL
player.Karlow-STL.titles=

player.Luna-MIA.handle=Luna-MIA
player.Luna-MIA.name=Gil Luna
player.Luna-MIA.rating=2047
player.Luna-MIA.team=MIA
player.Luna-MIA.titles=

player.Yang-BAL.handle=Yang-BAL
player.Yang-BAL.name=Charles Yang
player.Yang-BAL.rating=2046
player.Yang-BAL.team=BAL
player.Yang-BAL.titles=

player.Allen-MIA.handle=Allen-MIA
player.Allen-MIA.name=Alejandro Allen
player.Allen-MIA.rating=1990
player.Allen-MIA.team=MIA
player.Allen-MIA.titles=


#Old Handles:

player.Nakamura-STL.handle=Nakamura-STL
player.Nakamura-STL.name=Hikaru Nakamura
player.Nakamura-STL.rating=2863
player.Nakamura-STL.team=STL
player.Nakamura-STL.titles=(GM)

player.Akobian-SEA.handle=Akobian-SEA
player.Akobian-SEA.name=Varuzhan Akobian
player.Akobian-SEA.rating=2698
player.Akobian-SEA.team=SEA
player.Akobian-SEA.titles=(GM)

player.Stripunsky-MAN.handle=Stripunsky-MAN
player.Stripunsky-MAN.name=Alex Stripunsky
player.Stripunsky-MAN.rating=2694
player.Stripunsky-MAN.team=MAN
player.Stripunsky-MAN.titles=(GM)

player.Kacheishvili-NY.handle=Kacheishvili-NY
player.Kacheishvili-NY.name=Giorgi Kacheishvili
player.Kacheishvili-NY.rating=2653
player.Kacheishvili-NY.team=NY
player.Kacheishvili-NY.titles=(GM)

player.LarryC-BOS.handle=LarryC-BOS
player.LarryC-BOS.name=Larry Christiansen
player.LarryC-BOS.rating=2648
player.LarryC-BOS.team=BOS
player.LarryC-BOS.titles=(GM)

player.Becerra-MIA.handle=Becerra-MIA
player.Becerra-MIA.name=Julio Becerra
player.Becerra-MIA.rating=2640
player.Becerra-MIA.team=MIA
player.Becerra-MIA.titles=(GM)

player.Benjamin-NJ.handle=Benjamin-NJ
player.Benjamin-NJ.name=Joel Benjamin
player.Benjamin-NJ.rating=2640
player.Benjamin-NJ.team=NJ
player.Benjamin-NJ.titles=(GM)

player.Shankland-NE.handle=Shankland-NE
player.Shankland-NE.name=Sam Shankland
player.Shankland-NE.rating=2624
player.Shankland-NE.team=NE
player.Shankland-NE.titles=(GM)

player.Wolff-SF.handle=Wolff-SF
player.Wolff-SF.name=Patrick Wolff
player.Wolff-SF.rating=2623
player.Wolff-SF.team=SF
player.Wolff-SF.titles=(GM)

player.Hungaski-NE.handle=Hungaski-NE
player.Hungaski-NE.name=Robert Hungaski
player.Hungaski-NE.rating=2621
player.Hungaski-NE.team=NE
player.Hungaski-NE.titles=(IM)

player.Sammour-BOS.handle=Sammour-BOS
player.Sammour-BOS.name=Jorge Sammour-Hasbun
player.Sammour-BOS.rating=2604
player.Sammour-BOS.team=BOS
player.Sammour-BOS.titles=

player.Perelshteyn-BOS.handle=Perelshteyn-BOS
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.name=Eugene Perelshteyn
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.rating=2591
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.team=BOS
player.Perelshteyn-BOS.titles=(GM)

player.Gulko-NJ.handle=Gulko-NJ
player.Gulko-NJ.name=Boris Gulko
player.Gulko-NJ.rating=2587
player.Gulko-NJ.team=NJ
player.Gulko-NJ.titles=(GM)

player.Barcenilla-ARZ.handle=Barcenilla-ARZ
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.name=Rogelio Barcenilla
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.rating=2583
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Barcenilla-ARZ.titles=(GM)

player.Bercys-DAL.handle=Bercys-DAL
player.Bercys-DAL.name=Salvijus Bercys
player.Bercys-DAL.rating=2576
player.Bercys-DAL.team=DAL
player.Bercys-DAL.titles=(IM)

player.BFinegold-STL.handle=BFinegold-STL
player.BFinegold-STL.name=Ben Finegold
player.BFinegold-STL.rating=2568
player.BFinegold-STL.team=STL
player.BFinegold-STL.titles=(GM)

player.Kraai-SF.handle=Kraai-SF
player.Kraai-SF.name=Jesse Kraai
player.Kraai-SF.rating=2567
player.Kraai-SF.team=SF
player.Kraai-SF.titles=(GM)

player.Charbonneau-NY.handle=Charbonneau-NY
player.Charbonneau-NY.name=Pascal Charbonneau
player.Charbonneau-NY.rating=2565
player.Charbonneau-NY.team=NY
player.Charbonneau-NY.titles=(GM)

player.MageshP-PHI.handle=MageshP-PHI
player.MageshP-PHI.name=Magesh Panchanathan
player.MageshP-PHI.rating=2565
player.MageshP-PHI.team=PHI
player.MageshP-PHI.titles=(GM)

player.Khachiyan-LA.handle=Khachiyan-LA
player.Khachiyan-LA.name=Melikset Khachiyan
player.Khachiyan-LA.rating=2563
player.Khachiyan-LA.team=LA
player.Khachiyan-LA.titles=(GM)

player.Sadorra-DAL.handle=Sadorra-DAL
player.Sadorra-DAL.name=Julio Sadorra
player.Sadorra-DAL.rating=2561
player.Sadorra-DAL.team=DAL
player.Sadorra-DAL.titles=(GM)

player.IrinaKrush-NY.handle=IrinaKrush-NY
player.IrinaKrush-NY.name=Irina Krush
player.IrinaKrush-NY.rating=2560
player.IrinaKrush-NY.team=NY
player.IrinaKrush-NY.titles=(IM)

player.Bhat-SF.handle=Bhat-SF
player.Bhat-SF.name=Vinay Bhat
player.Bhat-SF.rating=2555
player.Bhat-SF.team=SF
player.Bhat-SF.titles=(GM)

player.Ippolito-NJ.handle=Ippolito-NJ
player.Ippolito-NJ.name=Dean Ippolito
player.Ippolito-NJ.rating=2554
player.Ippolito-NJ.team=NJ
player.Ippolito-NJ.titles=(IM)

player.DGurevich-CHC.handle=DGurevich-CHC
player.DGurevich-CHC.name=Dmitry Gurevich
player.DGurevich-CHC.rating=2547
player.DGurevich-CHC.team=CHC
player.DGurevich-CHC.titles=(GM)

player.Vigorito-NE.handle=Vigorito-NE
player.Vigorito-NE.name=David Vigorito
player.Vigorito-NE.rating=2547
player.Vigorito-NE.team=NE
player.Vigorito-NE.titles=(IM)

player.Vovsha-MAN.handle=Vovsha-MAN
player.Vovsha-MAN.name=Eli Vovsha
player.Vovsha-MAN.rating=2531
player.Vovsha-MAN.team=MAN
player.Vovsha-MAN.titles=(IM)

player.Fedorowicz-NY.handle=Fedorowicz-NY
player.Fedorowicz-NY.name=John Fedorowicz
player.Fedorowicz-NY.rating=2523
player.Fedorowicz-NY.team=NY
player.Fedorowicz-NY.titles=(GM)

player.DSchneider-MAN.handle=DSchneider-MAN
player.DSchneider-MAN.name=Dmitry Schneider
player.DSchneider-MAN.rating=2522
player.DSchneider-MAN.team=MAN
player.DSchneider-MAN.titles=(IM)

player.Naroditsky-SF.handle=Naroditsky-SF
player.Naroditsky-SF.name=Daniel Naroditsky
player.Naroditsky-SF.rating=2516
player.Naroditsky-SF.team=SF
player.Naroditsky-SF.titles=(IM)

player.Cozianu-SEA.handle=Cozianu-SEA
player.Cozianu-SEA.name=Costin Cozianu
player.Cozianu-SEA.rating=2508
player.Cozianu-SEA.team=SEA
player.Cozianu-SEA.titles=(FM)

player.Milman-MAN.handle=Milman-MAN
player.Milman-MAN.name=Lev Milman
player.Milman-MAN.rating=2490
player.Milman-MAN.team=MAN
player.Milman-MAN.titles=(IM)

player.Altounian-ARZ.handle=Altounian-ARZ
player.Altounian-ARZ.name=Levon Altounian
player.Altounian-ARZ.rating=2483
player.Altounian-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Altounian-ARZ.titles=(IM)

player.LKaufman-BAL.handle=LKaufman-BAL
player.LKaufman-BAL.name=Larry Kaufman
player.LKaufman-BAL.rating=2467
player.LKaufman-BAL.team=BAL
player.LKaufman-BAL.titles=(GM)

player.Zilberstein-SF.handle=Zilberstein-SF
player.Zilberstein-SF.name=Dmitry Zilberstein
player.Zilberstein-SF.rating=2461
player.Zilberstein-SF.team=SF
player.Zilberstein-SF.titles=(IM)

player.Aldama-ARZ.handle=Aldama-ARZ
player.Aldama-ARZ.name=Dionisio Aldama
player.Aldama-ARZ.rating=2453
player.Aldama-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Aldama-ARZ.titles=(IM)

player.Riordan-NE.handle=Riordan-NE
player.Riordan-NE.name=Charles Riordan
player.Riordan-NE.rating=2443
player.Riordan-NE.team=NE
player.Riordan-NE.titles=(FM)

player.Bonin-PHI.handle=Bonin-PHI
player.Bonin-PHI.name=Jay Bonin
player.Bonin-PHI.rating=2438
player.Bonin-PHI.team=PHI
player.Bonin-PHI.titles=(IM)

player.Kiewra-DAL.handle=Kiewra-DAL
player.Kiewra-DAL.name=Keaton Kiewra
player.Kiewra-DAL.rating=2436
player.Kiewra-DAL.team=DAL
player.Kiewra-DAL.titles=(FM)

player.Ginsburg-ARZ.handle=Ginsburg-ARZ
player.Ginsburg-ARZ.name=Mark Ginsburg
player.Ginsburg-ARZ.rating=2435
player.Ginsburg-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Ginsburg-ARZ.titles=(IM)

player.Schroer-CAR.handle=Schroer-CAR
player.Schroer-CAR.name=Jonathan Schroer
player.Schroer-CAR.rating=2435
player.Schroer-CAR.team=CAR
player.Schroer-CAR.titles=(IM)

player.Enkhbat-BAL.handle=Enkhbat-BAL
player.Enkhbat-BAL.name=Tegshsuren Enkhbat
player.Enkhbat-BAL.rating=2426
player.Enkhbat-BAL.team=BAL
player.Enkhbat-BAL.titles=(IM)

player.Herman-NY.handle=Herman-NY
player.Herman-NY.name=Matt Herman
player.Herman-NY.rating=2426
player.Herman-NY.team=NY
player.Herman-NY.titles=

player.Zaremba-MAN.handle=Zaremba-MAN
player.Zaremba-MAN.name=Andrei Zaremba
player.Zaremba-MAN.rating=2417
player.Zaremba-MAN.team=MAN
player.Zaremba-MAN.titles=(FM)

player.Foisor-BAL.handle=Foisor-BAL
player.Foisor-BAL.name=Sabina Foisor
player.Foisor-BAL.rating=2416
player.Foisor-BAL.team=BAL
player.Foisor-BAL.titles=(WGM)

player.AngeloYoung-CHC.handle=AngeloYoung-CHC
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.name=Angelo Young
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.rating=2415
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.team=CHC
player.AngeloYoung-CHC.titles=(IM)

player.Abrahamyan-LA.handle=Abrahamyan-LA
player.Abrahamyan-LA.name=Tatev Abrahamyan
player.Abrahamyan-LA.rating=2415
player.Abrahamyan-LA.team=LA
player.Abrahamyan-LA.titles=(WGM)

player.Mikhailuk-SEA.handle=Mikhailuk-SEA
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.name=Slava Mikhailuk
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.rating=2415
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.team=SEA
player.Mikhailuk-SEA.titles=(FM)

player.Pruess-SF.handle=Pruess-SF
player.Pruess-SF.name=David Pruess
player.Pruess-SF.rating=2414
player.Pruess-SF.team=SF
player.Pruess-SF.titles=(IM)

player.Felecan-CHC.handle=Felecan-CHC
player.Felecan-CHC.name=Florin Felecan
player.Felecan-CHC.rating=2406
player.Felecan-CHC.team=CHC
player.Felecan-CHC.titles=(IM)

player.Bartell-PHI.handle=Bartell-PHI
player.Bartell-PHI.name=Tom Bartell
player.Bartell-PHI.rating=2405
player.Bartell-PHI.team=PHI
player.Bartell-PHI.titles=(IM)

player.ERodriguez-MIA.handle=ERodriguez-MIA
player.ERodriguez-MIA.name=Eric Rodriguez
player.ERodriguez-MIA.rating=2397
player.ERodriguez-MIA.team=MIA
player.ERodriguez-MIA.titles=(FM)

player.Bournival-NE.handle=Bournival-NE
player.Bournival-NE.name=Braden Bournival
player.Bournival-NE.rating=2396
player.Bournival-NE.team=NE
player.Bournival-NE.titles=(FM)

player.Adamson-ARZ.handle=Adamson-ARZ
player.Adamson-ARZ.name=Robby Adamson
player.Adamson-ARZ.rating=2388
player.Adamson-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Adamson-ARZ.titles=(FM)

player.Kapengut-NJ.handle=Kapengut-NJ
player.Kapengut-NJ.name=Albert Kapengut
player.Kapengut-NJ.rating=2374
player.Kapengut-NJ.team=NJ
player.Kapengut-NJ.titles=(IM)

player.Liou-SF.handle=Liou-SF
player.Liou-SF.name=Yian Liou
player.Liou-SF.rating=2365
player.Liou-SF.team=SF
player.Liou-SF.titles=

player.Milat-SEA.handle=Milat-SEA
player.Milat-SEA.name=Marcel Milat
player.Milat-SEA.rating=2358
player.Milat-SEA.team=SEA
player.Milat-SEA.titles=(FM)

player.Adelberg-ARZ.handle=Adelberg-ARZ
player.Adelberg-ARZ.name=David Adelberg
player.Adelberg-ARZ.rating=2354
player.Adelberg-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Adelberg-ARZ.titles=

player.Casella-LA.handle=Casella-LA
player.Casella-LA.name=Michael Casella
player.Casella-LA.rating=2334
player.Casella-LA.team=LA
player.Casella-LA.titles=(FM)

player.Rohonyan-SEA.handle=Rohonyan-SEA
player.Rohonyan-SEA.name=Katerina Rohonyan
player.Rohonyan-SEA.rating=2333
player.Rohonyan-SEA.team=SEA
player.Rohonyan-SEA.titles=(WGM)

player.Rosen-CHC.handle=Rosen-CHC
player.Rosen-CHC.name=Eric Rosen
player.Rosen-CHC.rating=2333
player.Rosen-CHC.team=CHC
player.Rosen-CHC.titles=

player.Vaidya-DAL.handle=Vaidya-DAL
player.Vaidya-DAL.name=Chaitanya Vaidya
player.Vaidya-DAL.rating=2333
player.Vaidya-DAL.team=DAL
player.Vaidya-DAL.titles=

player.Martirosov-BOS.handle=Martirosov-BOS
player.Martirosov-BOS.name=Vadim Martirosov
player.Martirosov-BOS.rating=2329
player.Martirosov-BOS.team=BOS
player.Martirosov-BOS.titles=

player.Corke-BOS.handle=Corke-BOS
player.Corke-BOS.name=Anya Corke
player.Corke-BOS.rating=2322
player.Corke-BOS.team=BOS
player.Corke-BOS.titles=(WGM)

player.Dehmelt-PHI.handle=Dehmelt-PHI
player.Dehmelt-PHI.name=Karl Dehmelt
player.Dehmelt-PHI.rating=2319
player.Dehmelt-PHI.team=PHI
player.Dehmelt-PHI.titles=(FM)

player.Cherniack-NE.handle=Cherniack-NE
player.Cherniack-NE.name=Alex Cherniack
player.Cherniack-NE.rating=2319
player.Cherniack-NE.team=NE
player.Cherniack-NE.titles=

player.Simpson-CAR.handle=Simpson-CAR
player.Simpson-CAR.name=Ron Simpson
player.Simpson-CAR.rating=2317
player.Simpson-CAR.team=CAR
player.Simpson-CAR.titles=(FM)

player.Yanayt-LA.handle=Yanayt-LA
player.Yanayt-LA.name=Eugene Yanayt
player.Yanayt-LA.rating=2305
player.Yanayt-LA.team=LA
player.Yanayt-LA.titles=(FM)

player.CraigJones-CA.handle=CraigJones-CA
player.CraigJones-CA.name=Craig Jones
player.CraigJones-CA.rating=2305
player.CraigJones-CA.team=CA
player.CraigJones-CA.titles=

player.Klein-CAR.handle=Klein-CAR
player.Klein-CAR.name=Mike Klein
player.Klein-CAR.rating=2304
player.Klein-CAR.team=CAR
player.Klein-CAR.titles=(FM)

player.Mabe-CAR.handle=Mabe-CAR
player.Mabe-CAR.name=Chris Mabe
player.Mabe-CAR.rating=2296
player.Mabe-CAR.team=CAR
player.Mabe-CAR.titles=

player.Schoch-BAL.handle=Schoch-BAL
player.Schoch-BAL.name=Ian Schoch
player.Schoch-BAL.rating=2292
player.Schoch-BAL.team=BAL
player.Schoch-BAL.titles=

player.AdithyaB-BAL.handle=AdithyaB-BAL
player.AdithyaB-BAL.name=Adithya Balasubramanian
player.AdithyaB-BAL.rating=2292
player.AdithyaB-BAL.team=BAL
player.AdithyaB-BAL.titles=

player.AShen-NJ.handle=AShen-NJ
player.AShen-NJ.name=Arthur Shen
player.AShen-NJ.rating=2291
player.AShen-NJ.team=NJ
player.AShen-NJ.titles=(FM)

player.RCostigan-PHI.handle=RCostigan-PHI
player.RCostigan-PHI.name=Richard Costigan
player.RCostigan-PHI.rating=2288
player.RCostigan-PHI.team=PHI
player.RCostigan-PHI.titles=(IM)

player.Sinanan-SEA.handle=Sinanan-SEA
player.Sinanan-SEA.name=Joshua Sinanan
player.Sinanan-SEA.rating=2288
player.Sinanan-SEA.team=SEA
player.Sinanan-SEA.titles=

player.Zimmer-BAL.handle=Zimmer-BAL
player.Zimmer-BAL.name=Ralph Zimmer
player.Zimmer-BAL.rating=2280
player.Zimmer-BAL.team=BAL
player.Zimmer-BAL.titles=(FM)

player.Kavutskiy-LA.handle=Kavutskiy-LA
player.Kavutskiy-LA.name=Konstantin Kavutskiy
player.Kavutskiy-LA.rating=2277
player.Kavutskiy-LA.team=LA
player.Kavutskiy-LA.titles=

player.Krasik-BOS.handle=Krasik-BOS
player.Krasik-BOS.name=Ilya Krasik
player.Krasik-BOS.rating=2264
player.Krasik-BOS.team=BOS
player.Krasik-BOS.titles=

player.Thompson-ARZ.handle=Thompson-ARZ
player.Thompson-ARZ.name=Nick Thompson
player.Thompson-ARZ.rating=2242
player.Thompson-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Thompson-ARZ.titles=

player.MShahade-PHI.handle=MShahade-PHI
player.MShahade-PHI.name=Michael Shahade
player.MShahade-PHI.rating=2241
player.MShahade-PHI.team=PHI
player.MShahade-PHI.titles=

player.Eckert-STL.handle=Eckert-STL
player.Eckert-STL.name=Doug Eckert
player.Eckert-STL.rating=2240
player.Eckert-STL.team=STL
player.Eckert-STL.titles=(FM)

player.EWilson-PHI.handle=EWilson-PHI
player.EWilson-PHI.name=Elvin Wilson
player.EWilson-PHI.rating=2240
player.EWilson-PHI.team=PHI
player.EWilson-PHI.titles=

player.Williams-NY.handle=Williams-NY
player.Williams-NY.name=Justus Williams
player.Williams-NY.rating=2239
player.Williams-NY.team=NY
player.Williams-NY.titles=

player.Selzler-BAL.handle=Selzler-BAL
player.Selzler-BAL.name=Ricky Selzler
player.Selzler-BAL.rating=2218
player.Selzler-BAL.team=BAL
player.Selzler-BAL.titles=

player.Zorigt-DAL.handle=Zorigt-DAL
player.Zorigt-DAL.name=Bayaraa Zorigt
player.Zorigt-DAL.rating=2211
player.Zorigt-DAL.team=DAL
player.Zorigt-DAL.titles=(WFM)

player.Alvarez-MIA.handle=Alvarez-MIA
player.Alvarez-MIA.name=Ernesto Alvarez
player.Alvarez-MIA.rating=2207
player.Alvarez-MIA.team=MIA
player.Alvarez-MIA.titles=

player.JamesBlack-MAN.handle=JamesBlack-MAN
player.JamesBlack-MAN.name=James Black
player.JamesBlack-MAN.rating=2184
player.JamesBlack-MAN.team=MAN
player.JamesBlack-MAN.titles=

player.Santalla-MIA.handle=Santalla-MIA
player.Santalla-MIA.name=Andres Santalla
player.Santalla-MIA.rating=2156
player.Santalla-MIA.team=MIA
player.Santalla-MIA.titles=

player.Mateer-ARZ.handle=Mateer-ARZ
player.Mateer-ARZ.name=Amanda Mateer
player.Mateer-ARZ.rating=2132
player.Mateer-ARZ.team=ARZ
player.Mateer-ARZ.titles=(WFM)

player.Herbst-CAR.handle=Herbst-CAR
player.Herbst-CAR.name=Richard Herbst
player.Herbst-CAR.rating=2119
player.Herbst-CAR.team=CAR
player.Herbst-CAR.titles=

player.Matlin-NJ.handle=Matlin-NJ
player.Matlin-NJ.name=Anna Matlin
player.Matlin-NJ.rating=2082
player.Matlin-NJ.team=NJ
player.Matlin-NJ.titles=

player.Smith-MAN.handle=Smith-MAN
player.Smith-MAN.name=Shaun Smith
player.Smith-MAN.rating=2081
player.Smith-MAN.team=MAN
player.Smith-MAN.titles=

player.Byambaa-SF.handle=Byambaa-SF
player.Byambaa-SF.name=Uyanga Byambaa
player.Byambaa-SF.rating=2080
player.Byambaa-SF.team=SF
player.Byambaa-SF.titles=

player.Rosenthal-MIA.handle=Rosenthal-MIA
player.Rosenthal-MIA.name=Nicholas Rosenthal
player.Rosenthal-MIA.rating=2062
player.Rosenthal-MIA.team=MIA
player.Rosenthal-MIA.titles=

player.Hua-STL.handle=Hua-STL
player.Hua-STL.name=Margaret Hua
player.Hua-STL.rating=1981
player.Hua-STL.team=STL
player.Hua-STL.titles=

